[Page 1] TODAY & TOMORROW ENDURING EXCELLENCE - Dixon Technologies (India) Ltd. SECURITY SYSTEM SET TOP BOX MEDICAL EQUIPMENT WEARABLES REVERSE LOGISTICS MOBILE PHONES ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 HOME APPLIANCES CONSUMER ELECTRONICS LIGHTING SOLUTIONS

[Page 2] INSIDE THE REPORT Corporate Overview 01-44 Key Highlights for FY 2020-21 01 Enduring Excellence - Today & Tomorrow 02 Who We Are 04 Driving Growth Strategically 08 Progress Pivoted on Performance 10 Business Model 12 Expanding Further 14 Building Capabilities. Sustaining Momentum. 16 Chairman’s Message 24 Q&A with Vice Chairman & MD 26 Quick Q&A with the CFO 28 Message From HR & Legal Head 30 Fostering a Healthy Workforce 31 Envisioning Stellar Growth 32 Stakeholder Engagement 34 Supporting Our Sustainability Endeavours 36 Board of Directors 42 Management Team 43 Corporate Information 44 Statutory Reports 45-109 Director’s Report 45 Management Discussion and Analysis 82 Corporate Governance Report 88 Financial Statements 110-241 Standalone Financial Statements 110 Consolidated Financial Statements 173 For more information, please, visit our corporate website: https://www.dixoninfo.com/

[Page 3] 46% YoY growth in Revenue KEY HIGHLIGHTS FOR FY 2020-21 26% YoY growth in EBITDA 36% YoY growth in Net Worth 173rd Rank among top 500 companies based on market capitalisation as on 31st March 2021 33% YoY growth in PAT H21,508 Crore Market Capitalization as on 31st March 2021 Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements 01

[Page 4] ENDURING EXCELLENCE - TODAY & TOMORROW Going beyond the ordinary, we seek to unearth extraordinary possibilities. Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 02

[Page 5] It is this zeal and indomitable spirit that guides us to lay the trajectory for sustainable growth. Over the past year, we have experienced phenomenal highs, relished in the glory of success and achieved seemingly impossible targets. What led us on, was our vision to foster steady and progressive transformations. In a challenging environment, we remained buoyed by our strong associations with big brands and our foray into new and emerging segments. We realised the necessity to capitalise on every opportunity on our path and continued to sustain a healthy momentum. From enhancing our capacity to expanding our global footprint, we are exploring ambitious pathways to endure excellence – today and tomorrow. Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview 03

[Page 6] WHO WE ARE A home-grown manufacturing company, Dixon Technologies (India) Limited is a leading electronic manufacturing services (EMS) provider with a diversified portfolio across consumer electronics, home appliances, mobile phones, lighting solutions, security devices, Set top boxes, Medical equipment, wearables and reverse logistics. We offer innovative and cost-effective solutions to our marquee clients, including leading international and national brands, serving as both Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) as well as Original Design Manufacturer (ODM) for various companies. We are well positioned to meet the dynamic demands of our customers, focusing on delivering technologically advanced and design-oriented solutions through our cutting- edge manufacturing capacities and robust Research and Development (R&D) capabilities. 1934 Employees as on March 31, 2021 (on roll) 16 Manufacturing Units across India H6,448 Crore Revenue from operations in FY 2020-21 Our manufacturing facilities have been accredited with ISO 9001:2015, ISO 14001:2015 & 45001:2018 To be the most preferred & trusted manufacturing & solution partner to brands operating across verticals. Led by Our Vision Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 04

[Page 7] Reinforcing Our Mission with a strong emphasis on the following: Fortifying our Values At Dixon, we believe in our values and aim to focus on: Customer First Strengthen customer partnerships by providing products and services of the greatest value through innovation and excellence. Respect for the Individual Emphasis on associate dignity, equality and individual growth. Quality (Customer’s trust) Offering innovative products and services that meet customer expectation. Trust (nurturing relationships) Laying the foundation for a trust-based and long-term relationship with each and every customer. Quality Execute with excellence; drive to six-sigma capability in all key processes; exceed customer expectations. Business Ethics Conduct business with uncompromising integrity. Creating value for all Stakeholders Through sustainable and transparent business practices Supplier Partnerships Emphasize communication, training, measurement and recognition. Social Responsibility Be an asset to the community Passion (to innovate and excel) The constant desire to come up with something bigger and better every time. Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements 05

[Page 8] Our consistent and robust revenue growth is organically driven with new product introduction and superior quality products. Our Growth Story Our Presence 26.7% 5-year CAGR growth in Revenue 32.8% 5-year CAGR growth in EBITDA 35.4% 5-year CAGR growth in PAT WHO WE ARE B-14 and 15, Phase II, Noida, Gautam Buddha Nagar, UP- 201305 Plot No. 6, Sector-90, Noida A-163A, Sector - 80, Noida A - 23, Sector-60, Noida B-17 & 18, Phase II, Noida, Gautam Buddha Nagar, UP- 201305 C-33, Phase II, Noida, Gautam Buddha Nagar, UP- 201305 B-45, Phase II Extension, Noida, UP- 201305 Shed No. 1 and 3, EMC II, Govindavaram, Chittoor- 517526 Shed No. 2, 4 to 10, EMC II, Govindavaram, Chittoor- 517526 Plot No. 30 & 31, EMC II, Govindavaram, Chittoor- 517526 Plot No. C-2/1, UPSIDC, Industrial Area, Tehsil Vikash Nagar, Dehradun, Uttarakhand Khasra No 1050, Central Hope Town, Selaqui Industrial Area, Dehradun, Khasra No. 992/2, Selaqui Industrial Area, Dehradun, Uttarakhand, 248197 Khasra No. 261Min, Central Hope Town, Selaqui, Dehradun, Uttarakhand, 248197 Plot No- C-3/1, Selaqui Industrial Area, Dehradun, Uttarakhand Plot No. 262M, Selaqui Industrial Area, Dehradun, Uttarakhand Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 06

[Page 9] In an effort to emerge as a ‘one-stop-solution’ for clients, we have constantly improved our capacities and capabilities to enhance our operational efficiency. Over two decades, we have invested in the development of state- of-the art manufacturing facilities and empowered our workforce to deliver cost competitive products that match the highest standards of quality. Our innovative spirit and our desire to create differentiated products enable us to provide customers best-in class, scalable and cost-effective solutions, utilising next-gen technology. “Do the Right Thing” has been our mantra for nearly three decades of our existence. We have built long-term relations with customers by focusing on quality, technology and on-time delivery, making us the trusted pair of hands our customers rely on. Among the leading cost- effective companies in EMS industry Most preferred brand behind leading consumer brands A resilient business model that is future-ready EBIDTA margin PAT margin 3.7% 4.5% FY 2016-17 FY 2020-21 Our relentless drive to tailor solutions for customers remain the touchstone for building strong and lasting partnerships. Resting on our extensive experience, technical capabilities, manufacturing know-how and supply chain insights, we strive to offer unique products that ensure the success of our valued patrons. Innovating to customer needs We are constantly striving to realize our customers’ biggest and boldest aspirations, resting on our robust R&D capabilities. Our proven expertise not only empowers us to introduce new products but, also enables us to improve our existing portfolio. Demonstrating our innovative capabilities Employees in R&D team 27 51 FY 2016-17 FY 2020-21 We strive to create value for our investors through prudent capital allocation. Our resilient strategies maximize value creation for stakeholders and help them to realize profits. We have set a hurdle rate of 30% for Return on capital employed (ROCE) and 25% for return on equity (ROE) for the coming years. Growing the business with numbers that talk ROCE 31.4% FY 2020-21 2.2% 2.5% FY 2016-17 FY 2020-21 Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements 07

[Page 10] DRIVING GROWTH STRATEGICALLY FY 2020-21 was a particularly challenging year for operations across verticals. At Dixon, our units remained non-operational for nearly 45-60 days in the first quarter of the fiscal year owing to the unprecedented Coronavirus outbreak and the subsequent lockdowns. Tiding through the crisis, we have learnt to be resilient and have emerged stronger than before. Backed by the indomitable spirit of our people, the relentless faith of our customers, favourable government measures and our cost-rationalization strategies, we are strategically driving growth. Healthy Margins Our prudent and frugal approach aided us in maintaining our cost leadership and conserving our margins. With decades of investment and emphasis on backward integration, strategic focus on the ODM business, emphasis on automation, benefits of economies of scale and a negative debt burden, we have successfully sustained our financial position. Government Support The Government has added impetus to its Make in India initiative with the Aatmanirbhar Bharat scheme. It continues to encourage home-grown companies to reduce import dependence and foster the development of indigenous companies. Multiple policy changes on import tariff of television parts, PLIs with incentives worth nearly H 40,000 crore, and introduction of schemes such as SPECS and EMC 2.0 are aimed to reduce import. Approval for PLI benefits have been granted to Dixon for mobile phone manufacturing and it will unfold the next chapter of growth at Dixon. Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 08

[Page 11] Strong Order Book After a lukewarm start to the year, we saw healthy growth momentum and strong demand from both our anchor as well as new customers. It enabled us to regain operational efficiency level during the year. We are undergoing continuous capacity expansion to meet the increased demand for superior quality products. Exploring Opportunities We entered the set-top box segment last year and have received a positive response from customers. Going forward, we believe, it can become a significant contributor to our growth story. During the year, we also tapped into the wearable and medical equipment segments. Our main focus in the medical segment was the RT-PCR machines for COVID-19 tests. Our RT-PCR Machines validated and approved by ICMR for conducting Covid-19 tests. Strategic Alliances We have constantly forged strategic alliances with global and domestic players to provide our customers effective and efficient solutions. Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements 09

[Page 12] PROGRESS PIVOTED ON PERFORMANCE FY 2016-17 24987 FY 2017-18 28534 FY 2018-19 29844 FY 2019-20 44001 FY 2020-21 64482 Revenue from Operations (H in Million) 47% growth in revenue as compared to FY 2019-20 FY 2016-17 926 FY 2017-18 1161 FY 2018-19 1405 FY 2019-20 2283 FY 2020-21 2882 EBITDA (H in Million) 26% growth in EBITDA as compared to FY 2019-20 FY 2016-17 476 FY 2017-18 609 FY 2018-19 633 FY 2019-20 1205 FY 2020-21 1597 PAT (H in Million) 33% growth in PAT as compared to FY 2019-20 FY 2016-17 3.7 FY 2017-18 4.1 FY 2018-19 4.7 FY 2019-20 5.2 FY 2020-21 4.5 EBITDA Margin (in %) FY 2016-17 1.9 FY 2017-18 2.1 FY 2018-19 2.1 FY 2019-20 2.7 FY 2020-21 2.5 PAT Margin (in %) FY 2016-17 0.2 FY 2017-18 0.07 FY 2018-19 0.3 FY 2019-20 (0.02) FY 2020-21 (0.01) Net Debt-Equity Ratio (in time) *Consolidated Figures except wherever mentioned 10 Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21

[Page 13] FY 2016-17 30.6 FY 2017-18 23.8 FY 2018-19 18.3 FY 2019-20 26.2 FY 2020-21 25.0 ROE (in %) FY 2016-17 37.8 FY 2017-18 34.9 FY 2018-19 27.3 FY 2019-20 33.0 FY 2020-21 31.4 ROCE (in %) FY 2016-17 13.0 FY 2017-18 3.9 FY 2018-19 4.0 FY 2019-20 4.1 FY 2020-21 3.8 Dividend payout ratio (on standalone basis) (in %) *Consolidated Figures except wherever mentioned Corporate Overview 11 Financial StatementsStatutory Reports

[Page 14] BUSINESS MODEL Input Processes Financial Capital Manufacturing Capital Intellectual Capital Human Capital Social and Relationship Capital Natural Capital Judicious financial management and optimum allocation of funds enable us to grow and expand our business Use of state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities to provide end-to-end solutions to customers in the lighting, mobiles and consumer durables markets Leveraging our expertise, domain knowledge and advanced technology we aim to create superior quality and innovative products that sustain our market reputation Focus on building a skilled, diverse and competent workforce to generate shared value for the organisation Enduring lasting relationships with stakeholders to create positive impact on communities across the globe To mitigate environmental impacts, we consistently endeavour to adopt eco- friendly measures that ensure sustainable operations K8,475 Lakhs Long-term Borrowings 51 Employees in R&D 7 years Average Experience of R&D team K1,171 Lakhs Equity 16 Manufacturing Units K402.8 Lakhs Total Investment in R&D 1934 Total employees across operations 3 Number of R&D Centres 218,042 Shareholders Mission and Vision Respect for Individuals Quality Social Responsibility Business Ethics Customer First Supplier Relationships Trust (nurturing relationships) Passion (to innovate and excel) Research and Development Sourcing Designing Packing and Delivering Manufacturing and Assembling Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 12

[Page 15] Output Outcomes Contribution to UNSDGs Interest bearing debt Sustained return on investment Robust balance sheet Continuous value creation for stakeholders Constant increase in total assets Better cash flow management Collaboration with major brands to foray into the export market in the short-term Reduced operational costs Constant growth of exports Superior quality of goods Improved integrity, efficiency, infrastructure and safety measures Enhanced operational efficiency Backward integration India’s largest TV set manufacturing unit Ensuring operational excellence through process innovation Improvement in digital technology Enhanced product and service quality Consistently introducing new and improved products Skill development through various programs Ensuring safety and well-being of employees, providing equal access to opportunities Trained workforce with an ethical work culture High retention rate Promoted literacy and education Generated employment opportunities in communities around manufacturing units Contributed to the well-being of local communities Continuous customer/stakeholder engagement with offline and online resources Implemented initiatives to promote sanitation and eradicate hunger in local communities Ensured safety protocols amidst COVID-19 Implemented several programs to ensure environmental sustainability Reduced dependence on non-renewable resources Savings incurred due to adoption of sustainability K21,50,755 Lakhs Market capitalisation as on 31st March 2021 K28,817 Lakhs EBITDA K15,980 Lakhs PAT (0.01) Net Debt-Equity Ratio 45 Mn Mobile phone 4.4 Mn LED TV 6 Mn Set-up-box 8.4 Mn CCTV 300 Mn LED Bulb 1.8 Mn DVR 1.2 Mn Home Appliances Pioneering new products and segments such as wearables and medical equipment 38% YoY increase in workforce in FY 2020-21 7844 No. of Training Hours 531 No. of New Hires 360 degree solutions offered to customers K50 Lakhs Donated to PM CARES Fund Limits on use of hazardous material like Mercury (Hg), Lead (Pb), Hexavalent Chromium (Cr6), Polybrominated Diphenyl Ether (PBDE), Cadmium (Cd) and Polybrominated Biphenyls (PBB) Proper disposal of hazardous waste Certifications ISO 14001:2015, ISO 9001:2015 K142.7 Lakhs Total expenditure on CSR activities Investor/ Partner Satisfaction J3.86 Lakhs Spent on Training and Development Constant Investment in implementing state-of-the-art technologies Our Capacities (p.a.) Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements 13

[Page 16] EXPANDING FURTHER We have come a long way, from making TVs as an OEM player to leading the “Make in India” electronic manufacturing story as an end-to-end solution provider for the world’s major brands. We are constantly expanding our product portfolio and adding new and innovative products to further strengthen our foothold in a competitive and dynamic business landscape. Evolving Portfolio of Products 2007 LCD TVs 1994 Started with Color TVs 2008 CFL Lighting & Reverse Logistics 2010 LED TV & Washing Machines Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 14

[Page 17] 2016 Mobile Phones 2017 CCTV and DVR 2021 Medical Electronics, Set top box, Wearables Future Launches Fully Automatic Top Loading Washing Machine, IT hardware, Refrigerator and Telecom Products Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements 15

[Page 18] BUILDING CAPABILITIES. SUSTAINING MOMENTUM. Our agile and resilient business model has kept us on a growth trajectory, despite challenges. We have developed excellent quality products at cost competitive rates and have successfully maintained lasting relationships with clients. Our consistent efforts to renew our product portfolio allows us to secure a healthy order book and renew our position as a market leader. We continue to focus on new client acquisitions and product additions to maintain top-line growth, while increasing ODM revenues through backward integration and efficient capacity utilization. Revenue Mix (%) FY 2020-21 Consumer Electronics Lighting Products Home Appliances Mobile Phones Reverse Logistics Security Systems 3.4 59.6 17.1 0.2 13.0 6.7 16 Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21

[Page 19] Consumer Electronics The consumer electronics segment of Dixon produces an extensive array of smart TVs, ultra-high definition TVs, as an ODM and OEM player. With our expertise and reliance on cutting-edge technology, we empower clients to introduce new and innovative products to end-users. Our USPs End to end solution provider Backward integration (fully) Diversified Product Portfolio Domestic & MNC Customers An- in house Moulding facility will be set up by Q3 of FY 2021-22 Full clean room technology 2 High speed SMT lines Segment Info (FY 2020-21)Segment in Numbers 60% 83% Revenue Growth Largest Manufacturer of TV sets in India, meeting > 30% of market requirement 4.4 Mn Manufacturing capacity of LED TV, p.a. 2.7% Operating Margin 5% Share of ODM 10,279 Operating Profit - H Lakhs 2,868 Capital Employed - H Lakhs Strong revenue growth led by both volume and pricing growth. Robust margin growth on account of operating leverage, backward integration through the PCBA route, improved sale of large screen TVs offering better margins. Highlights of the Year Positive government policy intervention to prevent import of LED TVs. Capacity expansion for accommodating 4.4 million TV sets. Doubled our capacity by installing the second line of SMT for PCB 210% ROCE % Share of Total Revenue Mr. Abhijit Kotnis (President & COO - Consumer Electronics & Reverse Logistics) Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements 17

[Page 20] Lighting Products We are among the top ten global players in the lighting products segment. We design and deliver LED lighting solutions in the range of 0.5W and 50W. At Dixon, we offer main electronic board designing, mechanical, light source and package designing and manufacture key inputs like plastic moulding, sheet metal and wound components that strengthen our position as a leading ODM player. Our USPs Among India’s most esteemed manufacturers with largest assembly capacity in the lighting industry Backward Integration for Sheet metal, Plastic Moulding & Wound components Use of advanced technology, strong product portfolio & cost competitiveness to strengthen position in global markets Segment Info (FY 2020-21) Largest capacity for manufacturing LED bulbs 90% share of company’s ODM solutions 300 Mn Manufacturing capacity of LED bulbs, p.a. 8.8% Operating Margin 29% ROCE 9,738 Operating Profit - H Lakhs 32,359 Capital Employed - H Lakhs Robust revenue growth Stronger operating leverage with migration to ODM, improved product mix, reliance on value engineering, enhanced productivity Capacity expansion plans in multiple sub-segments Highlights of the Year Pilot project for venturing into outdoor lighting segment, primarily street lights Automation of processes for one-third capacity of LED bulbs, to reduce manufacturing cost and boost productivity Segment in Numbers 17% BUILDING CAPABILITIES. SUSTAINING MOMENTUM. % Share of Total Revenue Mr. Vineet Kumar Mishra (President & C.O.O - Lighting Solutions) Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 18

[Page 21] Home Appliances Completely based on the ODM model, we have in-house facilities for designing, manufacturing and testing of a wide range of washing machines. We rely on latest technology to create solutions that are convenient and perfectly aligned to evolving market demand. This has allowed us to introduce new features such as magic filter, water fall, side scrubber and air dry in our washing machine range. Our USPs Largest product portfolio of 140 Models, ranging from 6 kg -12 kg Semi-Automatic washing machines and 40 models ranging from 6kg-10kg of fully automatic washing machine. Strong R&D capability to design and produce technologically advanced washing machines State-of-the-art, eco- friendly facility Backward integration with plastic moulding capacity Features such as heater models, non heaters models, induction motors & BLDC inverter motors available in Fully Automatic Top Loading (FATL) machine. We have state of the art manufacturing facilities in both North India & South India serving domestic and Global Brands. Segment Info (FY 2020-21)Segment in Numbers 7% 9% Revenue Growth Largest ODM capacity installed for Semi-Automatic Washing Machines in India with complete Backward integration of Plastic Moulding & Sheet Metal 1.2 Mn Manufacturing capacity of Home Appliance, p.a. 100% ODM Solutions for both Semi-Automatic & Fully Automatic Top Load washing machines 9.2% Operating Margin 21% ROCE 3,973 Operating Profit - H Lakhs 16,986 Capital Employed - H Lakhs Completion of test runs for fully automatic top loading plant in Tirupati production tentatively scheduled in Q3 - FY 2021-22 Strategic focus on reduction of raw material import Innovated electronically operated, PCB based semi-automatic Washing machines Highlights of the Year % Share of Total Revenue Mr. Rajeev Lonial (President & COO - Home Appliances) Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements 19

[Page 22] Mobile Phones We emerged as one of the fastest growing manufacturers of mobile phones with a strong market presence in this segment in the last 5 years. Our USPs State-of-the-art infrastructure with SMT & other testing equipment Contracts with Global brands for both domestic and export markets Segment Info (FY 2020-21)* 56% Revenue Growth Among the largest EMS players in India 45 Mn Manufacturing capacity of Mobile phone 4.7% Operating Margin 3,959 Operating Profit - H Lakhs 17,495 Capital Employed - H Lakhs 21% ROCE Received approval for government PLI scheme for mobile phones. Finalized deals with global brands. The new factory under the PLI scheme has been set-up in record time and Commercial production has commenced. Highlights of the Year Segment in Numbers* 13% BUILDING CAPABILITIES. SUSTAINING MOMENTUM. % Share of Total Revenue *Numbers include EMS Mr. Pankaj Sharma (President & COO - Mobile Phones, Security Surveillance & EMS) Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 20

[Page 23] EMS Our nimble business model has enabled us to capture the EMS market. In the EMS division, we forayed into set-up box segment last year using our temporary auxiliary capacity in the mobile phone segment. Further, we entered the medical equipment market this year by developing capacities for Diagnostic Testing Machines. We have also ventured into the wearable segment to further broaden our product portfolio. Segment Info (FY 2020-21) 16,903 Revenue - H Lakhs 847 Operating Profit - H Lakhs 21.6 Lakhs Set-up-box manufactured Our USPs Started manufacturing set-top boxes, medical equipment and wearables Adding new customers rapidly Healthy margins in the medical electronics unit ISO 13845 Certified facility for medical equipment Robust revenue and order book growth, contributing significantly to the company’s overall margins In the medical equipment segment, an MOU was signed for manufacturing Truelab™ Quattro Real Time Quantitative micro–PCR Analyzer machines. These portable machines can conduct 190-200 tests per day, for infectious diseases including Covid-19. In the wearable electronic segment, we collaborated with an International Brand to carry out a pilot order of 10,000 units. Highlights of the Year Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements 21

[Page 24] Security Systems In 2018, we forayed into the security systems segment, through our joint venture with Aditya Infotech Limited to manufacture security device under the brand name AIL Dixon Technologies Private Limited (ADTPL). The fully integrated manufacturing facility enables us to meet a wide range of security and surveillance needs. Our USPs Our fully-integrated manufacturing facility We deliver quality products with minimum lead time. Segment Info (FY 2020-21) First Company in India to manufacture Camera & DVR. 8.4 Mn Capacity for CCTV manufacturing 1.8 Mn Capacity for DVR manufacturing 2.8% Operating Margin 614 Operating Profit - H Lakhs 2,149 Capital Employed - H Lakhs Increased margins with reduced fixed cost Order book has rebound after a slowdown in the first half of the year Highlights of the Year Segment in Numbers 3% 26% ROCE BUILDING CAPABILITIES. SUSTAINING MOMENTUM. % Share of Total Revenue Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 22

[Page 25] Reverse Logistics We offer repair and refurbishment services for products like LED TVs, mobile phones, set-top boxes, modems and computer peripherals. Leveraging our manufacturing expertise and OEM capabilities, we continue to expand operations in this segment. Our USPs One of the few companies in the industry with Panel Repairing Facility State of art clean rooms & equipments. Segment Info (FY 2020-21) 7.3% Operating Margin 98 Operating Profit - H Lakhs 1,159 Capital Employed - H Lakhs New center opened in Tirupati L4 levels repairs done on all products Highlights of the Year Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements 23

[Page 26] CHAIRMAN’S MESSAGE A year ago, we witnessed an unprecedented economic and health crisis, and I gave you a rather ambivalent outlook on our business growth. Though, the first two months of the fiscal year were particularly difficult, things started picking up with the revival of economic activity. I am delighted to inform you that during the year gone by we have recorded the highest ever revenue and profitability in the history of our company’s existence. Our company’s revenue and profits stood at 6,448 crores and 160 crores respectively at the close of the financial year. The feat alone is remarkable, but to have achieved it on the backdrop of an ongoing pandemic is completely astounding. The results are a testament to our employees’ resilience and unwavering commitment to the company and I remain grateful to them for their indomitable spirit. We would not have been able to achieve this milestone without the support of our various stakeholders. I would also like to thank you, our shareholders for your relentless patronage and trust in us. Our companies’ shares have rallied over significantly on the stock exchanges in the three years since its listing and have recorded a phenomenal upsurge in the twelve-trailing months before the stock split, which became necessary to maintain liquidity in our stocks. Even amidst the dramatic changes brought about by the COVID-19 pandemic, we emerged as a financially sound entity, preparing for our leap to the next phase of growth. The year has been rewarding for us, with the Government of India announcing a host of measures and reforms to boost the industry. The measures come at a critical time when international companies were looking at expanding their footprint beyond China and seeking opportunities in other markets. Over a period of time, I am confident, these reforms will help India to emerge not only as a manufacturing base for serving domestic markets but also for export markets. One of the most important announcements has been the Production Linked Incentive (PLI) Scheme for Large Scale Electronics Manufacturing companies. A host of incentives have been announced under the ambit of the scheme, for various segments. We had applied for PLI benefits for the mobile phone segment, and are Dear Shareholders, Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 24

[Page 27] proud to have been chosen as one among the five domestic companies to have qualified to meet the prerequisites for the approval. We will receive 4-6% incentive on incremental sale of smartphones in less than H 15,000 category over the base year, provided we meet the current years’ sales and capital investment targets. We have expanded our capacity in the smartphone vertical. We have also set up a factory in Noida in record time to meet our production targets. We also aim to further expand our capacity within the next few years. We are also excited to have received contracts from leading multinational companies to secure manufacturing rights for their products. The order books from these companies are quite compelling, and are adequate for meeting the incremental sales requirements for the next few years. A multitude of PLI schemes have been announced in other business segments as well and we have applied for PLI incentives for some of our other business verticals also. We remain extremely excited about our prospects in sectors such as telecom, IT hardware, wearable and LED lights. The scheme provides companies an opportunity to find a solid footing in domestic as well as global markets. It not only encourages them to scale up production but, also provides the necessary impetus for backward integration. Apart from the direct benefits us, we took multiple measures like educating our employees on necessary precautions and prevention measures. On resumption of the units post lockdown, we made sure all COVID-19 protocols were followed. Now, when the country is in the grasp of the second wave, we are taking multiple pre-emptive measures, wherever required. We are providing free remote health assistance for our employees and have tied up with a leading healthcare provider for it. Arrangement for Oxygen Concentrators has also been made for exclusive use of our employees and their family members. I believe, together we will be able to pass these testing times once again, like we did the last year. We look forward to many more years of innovation, rewarding experiences and greater operational efficiencies as we strengthen our position in the industry. For us, cost competitiveness, de-layering, improving efficiencies and increasing speed-to-market are constant processes. It allows us to remain on the path of profitable growth and we continue to focus on our core capabilities to drive strong revenue generation. Going forward, we not only endeavour to scale up our business but, also look forward to invest in organic growth and expand our R&D capabilities. We are planning to set up a state-of-the-art manufacturing unit for mobile manufacturing with backward under the scheme, for shortlisted companies, the reform also assists in de- bottlenecking and boosting the component ecosystem. This combined with India’s demographic dividend, trained and productive labour force, budgetary focus on infrastructure development, low logistics cost, and the best tax rates globally, positions India as one of the most attractive destinations for global electronic companies. We believe, India is at the cusp of an opportunity to become the Number 1 Electronic Manufacturing Destination in the world and we remain extremely excited about the future prospects of the industry and our company. We are strategically placed to capitalise on changing industry dynamics with our strong relations with some of the biggest multinational brands and leading domestic brands. Today, our product portfolio comprises a wide range of products across segments. This puts us on a very strong footing in the industry, paving the way for our future growth. Our employees constitute one of the strongest pillars of our business. We continue to focus on our talent management process, with initiatives to ensure workplace diversity, equal opportunity and overall well-being of our employees. I would like to reiterate the contribution of our employees in the feat especially during these testing times. We as an organisation are committed to their health and safety. When the first wave of COVID-19 hit integration on the plot allotted by Noida authority. I believe this will be our largest manufacturing unit so far. Moreover, we have embarked on the journey of Industry 4.0 by undertaking automation of key processes combined with data analytics which will ensure complete traceability of our operations and increase our manufacturing excellence. We also realise that our goal to become a global enterprise with double-digit operating margin is onerous. However, with strategic steps we are making steady progress towards our goal and remain resolute in our resolve to speed up the actions needed to fulfil these ambitions. I believe, with a talented team and effective execution of operational strategies, we can carve the path for Dixon’s future growth. Regards, Sunil Vachani Executive Chairman Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements 25

[Page 28] Q&A WITH VICE CHAIRMAN & MD FY 2020-21 has been a difficult year for the economy. How would you summarise the year for Dixon? A. True, the year gone by has been thought-provoking not only for us but, the whole world. No one has been able to emerge from the pandemic unscathed. We were also initially impacted by the lockdown, with our units being closed for nearly two months. But, we made necessary changes in our production lines to streamline operations while following social distancing protocols. After the resumption of operations, our business performed resiliently and successfully overcame hurdles. We also explored and entered the medical equipment segment through RT-PCR machines for COVID-19 testing. Broadly speaking, we did not have to fundamentally shift our strategy, plans or business model as a result of the pandemic. Our experience during the tough time validated our existing plans and enabled us to trigger responses that were a continuation of our existing strategies, priorities and plans. In this challenging business environment, our customer- centric approach, backward integration capabilities, a diversified product portfolio and new launches enabled us to deliver one of the strongest performances in our history. Dixon has entered the set-top boxes and medical equipment segment in the last year. Can you elaborate on the performance of these segments? A. We successfully entered the set-top boxes and medical equipment market during the year and both segments have done exceptionally well. The set-top box business has seen phenomenal growth within a short period of time, registering revenue of H 156 crore in FY 2020-21. We also registered healthy operating profits, while margins in the segment stood at 3% for FY 2020-21. In terms of production, we manufactured 21 Lakhs set- top box during the year under review. Going forward, we see a strong order book for the segment and expect decent revenue growth in the current fiscal year. We also forayed into the medical electronics space during the year using auxiliary capacity at one of our plants. We signed MoU for manufacturing of Quattro Real Time Quantitative micro PCR Analyzer machines at the beginning of the year. These portable machines are capable of performing 190- 200 tests per day of critical infectious diseases including COVID-19. Our team adapted to the specific requirements for handing medical grade components within a short period and received ISO 13485 certification in record time. In a period of 7 months we recorded revenue of H 13 crore with an operating margin of 28%. The segment has one of the highest ROCE owing to low investment requirement in terms of working capital. What are the other new segments do you think one can look out for in the coming year? A. We became aggressive in our business expansion plans, especially in the last couple of years. We are in the final stage of planning for entering segments like IT hardware, telecom, in- house smart TV designs and refrigerators. In terms of revenue growth, wearables and fully automatic washing 26 Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21

[Page 29] machines are something we are very excited about for the next year. Our production unit for the fully automatic washing machine has been set up with an approximate investment of H 95 crore over the last few months. It is now ready for operations, post the completion of successful trial runs. Another vertical where we have recently entered is the wearables segment, mainly in the Twin Wireless Speaker (TWS) segment. We have a very fast growing and reputed anchor customer on board. We also have a strong order book and are looking to expand aggressively in this segment, both in Indian and international markets. Going forward, is the company looking to further expand its product portfolio? A. Yes, we are exploring both organic and inorganic ways to gain entry into new segments. We are also in talks with global and domestic industry behemoths for building strategic relationships, especially to collaborate with them as technology partners. We have always taken proactive steps to adopt evolving technologies and attune our products to changing customer preferences. We are also foraying into the refrigerator market and remain in the final stages of conceptualization for setting up a unit, for manufacturing direct cool technology refrigerators. We are also entering the IT hardware space, mainly for laptops, desktops, tablets and servers. Currently, the Indian market is predominantly import based, with China being the main supplier. We will be setting up a factory in South India to capture the growing demand for domestic players in this segment. We are entering the Telecom electronic sector through a Joint Venture with leading telecom company and will be jointly applying for the PLI schemes for the segment. We will be manufacturing telecom and networking products like modems, routers, set top boxes, Internet of Things (IoT) devices for the telecom sector. How do you think things stand for the global expansion? A. We have been exploring export opportunities in various countries and have allied with leading international brands over the last couple of years to create a market for our products. We had entered the markets through some pilot projects, mainly in the LED bulbs segment and had been gradually expanding our global footprint. The recent reforms announced by the government is a game-changer for us and we believe we are at an inflection point in terms of exports. The PLI schemes make Indian manufacturers globally competitive, opening up huge opportunities for exports. We have already received approval for the PLI scheme for mobile phones, and are in the process of applying for benefits in IT hardware, wearables, LED lights and telecom. We believe our extended production capacity, future capacity expansion plans, integrated business model, and cost-effective procedures lend us a competitive edge over others. The strategic location of our Tirupati plant, near three major ports, gives us an added advantage. In the days ahead, we expect overseas revenue to be a major part of our model portfolio, especially from our existing multinational customers. What is Dixon’s outlook for the coming year? A. We envision to become leaders in manufacturing electronics globally. Our growth has been consistent and higher than the industry average and we expect to continue this momentum in the coming years and have a very robust revenue growth outlook. Progressive government policies and reforms undertaken by the Indian government further bolster our growth plans. The government’s focus on ‘Make in India’ only strengthens the business prospects for companies like us. We are sitting on an inflection point, and thus, have become very aggressive in our new investment and capacity expansion plans. Over two and a half decades of experience in the industry has helped us to gain the trust of some of the leading brands in India and the world. Our collaborations with these brands and a wider product basket will help us grow our business sustainably. We are confident about enhancing our profitability margins at the backdrop of high operating leverage and new customer acquisitions. Our focus on ODM model, digital transformation and adoption of Industry 4.0 across all our units will help us further leverage our efficiency margins. Today, I am more convinced than ever that Dixon will be able to achieve a better return for our stakeholders in the coming years. Mr. Atul B Lall Vice Chairman and Managing Director Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements 27

[Page 30] QUICK Q&A WITH THE CFO Dear Shareholders, Through the year, we have strived to keep the health and safety of Dixonites at the forefront, as we grapple with the pandemic. We continue to invest in our policies and protocols to operate in the safest manner possible. Despite the challenging situation, the company emerged nimble and more adaptive during the pandemic period and has displayed the resilience of its business model. Despite losing a major part of the first quarter to the lockdown, the company showed robust growth to report record revenues & profits through the subsequent quarters of the year. During this year, how was the overall company’s performance? It has been an unpredictable year starting with severe impact of pandemic and lockdown followed by strong demand uptick in second half. The Company’s robust financial and operating performance despite COVID-19 induced restrictions and economic challenges is reflective of its inherent strengths and sound strategy. How strong is your Balance Sheet & Capital Allocation strategy? Dixon has always maintained a conservative financial profile with an optimum capital structure and investment- grade credit ratings. The company continues to have a strong balance sheet & have enough credit lines from banks to weather any future uncertainty and invest in the long-term development of our business. We take pride in being a company which has been successful in financing significant investments through internal accruals thus retaining debt-free status on a net basis as on 31st March, 21. Capital allocation in our case will always be prudent and frugal & with huge focus on cash conversion cycle & working capital management. Working Capital Days stood at zero days & our cash and cash equivalents balances stood at H 164 crs as at March 31, 2021. Dixon’s businesses performed well across the board and generated strong cash inflows notwithstanding the challenging macro environment. High liquidity and robust balance sheet will support next phase of growth across businesses. Since we do not have any significant debt obligations, the available cash will be used to meet the capex requirements to expand the capacities across existing verticals & expanding into new verticals linked to our core of electronics. We are focussed on gaining leverage benefits and sweating our assets I would like to acknowledge all the great work done by Dixonites amidst challenges across professional and personal fronts. They continue to perform at a high level while adopting a nimble approach to seize all opportunities regardless of business environment. As a result, we were able record a better FY 2020-21, surpassing last year where the revenue grew by 47% to H 6,448 crs from H 4,400 crs in FY 2019- 20. The company reported an EBITDA of H 288 crs FY 2020- 21 compared with H 228 crs in FY 2019-20, a growth of 26%. A rapid and large increase in commodity costs impacted the operating margins in the ODM business. We were able to address margin pressure partly through combination of calibrated pricing action, inventory planning & value engineering. Our frugal cost structures and large scale also gave us a competitive edge in this challenging situation. which led to higher fixed asset turnover ratio over the past five years. The surplus cash will also be returned to the shareholders, while we do not have dividend pay-out targets, the trend has been in upward trajectory Dixon’s credit rating got upgraded to ‘ICRA AA-’ for long term debt & rating of ‘ICRA A1+’ for short term debts for commercial papers was retained which are indicators of a strong credit profile in the market, which also helped the company to mobilise funds for growth at very attractive costs & are definite positives for the Company’s long-term growth trajectory. Did the company maintain the expected return to the shareholders? Our basic approach to capital policy emphasizes on return on invested capital and financial stability & have successfully delivered a strong ROCE & ROE of 31.4% & 25.0% respectively & will be sustained in coming quarters & years. We will continue to focus on 3 drivers of Future cash flow- Earnings expansion, Working capital efficiencies & disciplined investment. We have consistently stood by our commitment to enhance shareholders’ value & our Earnings Per-Share increased from 20.5 in FY 2019-20 to 26.9 in FY 2020-21. Growth of Dixon is a testimony to company’s approach for sustainable value creation. This involved establishing leadership position in chosen areas of businesses, and creating strong consumer value proposition. The company’s robust operating model, governance structure, effective risk Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 28

[Page 31] management and ethical practices represent a strong & sustainable platform for long-term stakeholder value- creation. Please throw some light on the expansion & diversification strategy? We have a very strong conviction that consumer durable and electronic goods sold in India will be manufactured in India. More & more brands are focusing on branding, distribution & Hi- end technologies & manufacturing as part of the value chain will keep getting outsourced. Even the designing of the mass products will keep getting outsourced Dixon has always diversified into new verticals around its core of electronics which offers scale, scope of backward integration & ODM, high asset turnover & strong return ratios along with customer acquisition across all its verticals. With all our anchor customers we work hard to enhance the stickiness & gain a larger share of their business. Across all our verticals, customer acquisition is the key so we keep working on acquiring new clients in every product category that we are in. The company forayed into verticals like Set top boxes, medical electronics & wearables last FY. We will continue to expand around our core of electronics & are diversifying into IT hardware products (Laptops & Tablets) and Telecom & Networking products where we have already signed an MOU with Bharti group with Airtel as an anchor customer & have filed our application under the PLI. The company is also venturing into Refrigerators category which should go live by Q3/ Q4 of next financial year. The company also evaluating the plans to get into LED Lighting components & AC PCB components & apply under the PLI scheme of the Govt In our electronics sector, I feel confident that we are sitting on an inflexion point wherein we can think of new investments & expanding our capacities & over a period of time & I am confident that in times to come India will emerge as a contract manufacturing base not only for serving domestic markets but also for export markets because once the scale kicks in operating leverage comes into the system & you become globally competitive both on productivity & skill set side. Progressive government policies and reforms are also aligned to the growth of the electronic sector & making Indian companies part of the Global supply chain at a time when International companies are looking at expanding their footprint beyond China & locating to other markets. The momentum for domestic manufacturing, aided by government schemes is beneficial for the company. What are your core considerations for your company strategy? Over the years, Dixon has consistently created value for stakeholders and established a sustainable, responsible business based on a deep understanding of its customers and their evolving needs. Our Strategy is to focus on prudent capital allocation, building large scale to generate operating leverage, migrating to ODM, deepening relationship with existing customers & acquisition of new customers. Further entering new domains with focus on electronic manufacturing. Also in certain verticals wherein we are globally competitive and have technical bandwidth to start entering in to global market We have also prepared a roadmap to localize components in all verticals & it is a big opportunity for the country & the industry. Step by step the dependence on import will keep getting diluted. We strongly feel that the localization levels will significantly increase in our products in next 1 -2 years The PLI scheme announced for our electronics manufacturing industry aims to achieve import substitution, export promotion, cost- competitiveness and efficient manufacturing, economies of scale, increased contribution in global value chains and higher market share in the given sectors. The company will continue to invest in such areas of opportunity to further add up to the India’s inclusive growth story, reflecting its call of ‘Made for India. Made in India’ These awards are the outcome of the stupendous efforts & dedication of Dixonites. They constantly push the limits in driving excellence and deliver notable outcomes for all our stakeholders. Finally, I deeply appreciate all our Board Members, senior leadership, our team members and all our stakeholders, who have continued to trust us in these challenging times to take Dixon to greater heights. Let us continue this exciting journey of leaping to the next level of growth in FY 2021-22 & beyond. I wish all our stakeholders and their beloved ones, a good health in the light of the pandemic & a bright year ahead. Regards Saurabh Gupta Chief Financial Officer Accolades received during FY 2020-21: Awarded best CFO in Mid Corporate Manufacturing & Infrastructure by Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI) Awarded as among Top 100 CFO’s in India Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements 29

[Page 32] MESSAGE FROM HR & LEGAL HEAD Dear Shareholders, As a people-centric organisation, we continue to prioritise the health and well-being of our employees and workers, especially during a particularly challenging time. During the year under review, we strived to improve employee experience by providing adequate support throughout their professional journey at Dixon. Right from hiring to integration and skill development, we continue to nurture the growth of our people by offering a conducive working environment. The Covid-19 crisis has completely disrupted our way of working and it is anticipated to have a lasting impact on our approach to Human Resource management. However, we have swiftly adopted measures to support remote working and keep our employees motivated and engaged, despite their physical absence from office. During these challenging times, we firmly stood by our people. We not only provided access to virtual consultations for discussing issues affecting employees during the pandemic, we also offered an amount equal to an employee’s yearly CTC to families of employees who lost their lives to Covid-19. We also extended an opportunity for the family members of a deceased employee to work with us. An emergency team was also formed to deliver oxygen concentrators to our employees and their immediate family members. In addition, we have provided two life support ambulance to Noida Authority. We also facilitated vaccination drives, in small batches, across the organisation. During the year under review, we initiated HR automation with the introduction of Darwin Box. It is a user interface used by the Human Resource Department (HRD) and the employees. It hosts employee masters, Company policies, marks attendance, grants leaves, undertakes performance appraisals and assists payroll management and internal trainings. Further, to promote employee welfare, Mediclaim policies were procured for all employees. We also undertook a structured salary disbursement procedure for contract labours through escrow mechanism, created an exclusive helpdesk for contract labours, conducted training & development programs (online and offline) for employees. Besides, the yearly celebrations for Dixon Foundation Day, we continue with the employee engagement activities inspite of pandemic. To ensure excellence in corporate governance, we continued to maintain transparency and fairness across all transactions and organisational activities, ensuring complete accountability to standard procedures. We also reassessed and recalibrated internal systems and processes to achieve benchmarked standards of good governance. The management team, alongside the board of directors, undertook the responsibility to take timely action for analysing and mitigating any imminent challenges to the organisation while pursuing strategic efforts to create and deliver exceptional value to all stakeholders. Looking ahead, we remain optimistic about safeguarding the health and well-being of our employees and strive to implement advance technologies to digitize our processes and lay the foundations for a future-ready organisation that is prepared to adapt to a rapidly changing business environment. Stay home, stay safe! Regards, Ashish Kumar Group C.S., Head of Legal & H.R. Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 30

[Page 33] FOSTERING A HEALTHY WORKFORCE Our employees are our key assets, enabling us to achieve strategic organisational objectives. It is their tenacity, dedication and motivation that helped us to strongly bounce back after the pandemic and record phenomenal performances. At Dixon, we are committed to build an empowering work culture with an emphasis on professional as well as personal development. We endeavour to provide a safe and healthy working environment to our employees, with multiple opportunities for growth. To keep our people engaged and motivated, we also provide platforms for honing skills and ensuring professional success. Here are some notable steps undertaken at Dixon to prioritise employee well-being. We value our human resource and taking into consideration the challenges posed by the Covid-19 pandemic, we understood our people’s concerns and paid full wages to workers even during the lockdown, when production was completely halted in April and May. The COVID-19 outbreak has compelled us to adopt a new work order and adapt to the ‘new normal’. We developed and rolled out Covid-19 training programmes to help employees adapt to standard protocols during the pandemic. To ensure safety and security of our people, we adhered to social distancing norms and strictly followed safety protocols. We also sanitized our office regularly and encouraged the use of masks and sanitizers in our factories. We continue to strive for zero injuries and fatalities across our operations and have a strong safety framework in place. We have developed performance indicators to observe the safety and health quotient more diligently, to prevent untoward incidents at the workplace. As we continue to expand our business, we are strengthening our team at senior and middle management levels. We have also tied up with a renowned global consultant to revamp our company’s existing policies and embrace a culture that inculcates the company’s vision, purpose and values. Moving ahead, we are focusing on building critical skills and enhancing the core competencies of our employees. 15483 Total number of Employees (direct & indirect) Prioritising Employee Well-Being 32 years Average Age of Employees 531 Net Addition to the Workforce Nil Lost Time Injury Rate 1934 Permanent Employees 980 Person received training Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements 31

[Page 34] ENVISIONING STELLAR GROWTH Scaling Up Product Portfolio Augmentation Government Impetus Bolstered by strong demand across segments and our planned product portfolio expansion we are investing aggressively to further develop our production capacity. We are focusing on building automated and integrated production lines. The increased capacity will strengthen our position in the market and empower us to cater to a major share of the demand from existing as well as new markets in India and abroad. We are entering previously uncharted segments through organic and inorganic expansion. We plan to enter the IT hardware market, that includes laptops, desktops, tablets and servers, and are in final stages of planning for setting up a factory. We have also entered into a Joint Venture with leading telecom company to start the The government has introduced Production Linked Incentive (PLI) Schemes for businesses to augur their development and growth. We have already received PLI approval for mobile phones and continue to look forward to similar opportunities in segments such as telecom, wearables, IT hardware, AC components & LED lights. We expect the substantial direct and indirect benefits from the scheme to be key drivers for our growth and expansion. manufacturing of telecom and network products. We are also exploring the most effective way to make a mark in the refrigerator segment. Resting on the strength of our product portfolio, we are consolidating our position as a globally competitive entity that ranks among the top companies in the world. Incentives worth K7,350 Cr for IT hardware1 Incentives worth K6,238 Cr for White Goods2 Outlay of K12195 Cr over five years for Telecom3 1. https://www.pib.gov.in/PressReleseDetailm.aspx?PRID=1700425 2. https://pib.gov.in/PressReleasePage.aspx?PRID=1710116 3. https://pib.gov.in/PressReleasePage.aspx?PRID=1698686#:~:text=The%20Production%20Linked%20Incentive%20(PLI,to%20encourage%20Make%20in%20India. Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 32

[Page 35] Global Expansion Automation We are focusing on improving our overseas revenue model to strategically move ahead in the global markets through contracts with our existing multinational customers. We have also undertaken few pilot projects for our anchor customer and continue to optimistic about large volume contracts. The current geopolitical situation across the world and the Indian government’s focus on making India a sophisticated manufacturing hub articulates well for us. In the coming years, we expect exports to be a major growth driver for Dixon. We, at Dixon, have recently embarked on our journey of Industry 4.0. We are in the process of finalising a multinational company which will drive the implementation of our Manufacturing Execution Software (MES). This will ensure complete traceability of our operations and automate key processes combined with data analytics. Through the MES, a lot of our processes such as preventive maintenance, quality control, production planning and logistics will now be digitized. Furthermore, we have already implemented RFID tagging for our assets which will enhance end-to-end visibility of the production floor. Besides recruiting well qualified personnel to drive the digitalisation journey, we are also considering automation of our production lines in our Tirupati plant. With digital work instructions, our factory workforce has been able to reduce dependence on paper as well as increase the cycle time of our processes. Amongst Top 5 Companies globally in LED lighting segment (in terms of capacity, product portfolio, technology and cost competitiveness) Achieve our goal of Zero Defects in FY 2021-22 owing to automation of our processes Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements 33

[Page 36] STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT We identify and analyse stakeholder requirements thoroughly to devise strategic plans for fulfilling expectations. It not only enables us to lay the foundation for a strong business but, also fortifies our relation with stakeholders across the vertical. Who are they Why are they important Engagement Mechanism Key Concerns and Expectations Value Created in FY 2020-21 Shareholders & Investors Shareholders Fund Managers Equity and Credit Research Analysts Institutional investors (Foreign and Domestic) Investors remain at the core of our existence. We work to enhance value creation through various modes of communication. We interact with investors to solicit feedback and discuss pressing issues on a priority basis. Annual general meeting Quarterly Investor calls and presentation Annual report Press release Website updates Stock Exchange releases Investor Analyst Meets Growth in RoE Timely dissemination and communication of material information Growth in Dividend and EPS Strong Balance sheet Effective risk management K26.9 EPS 25% RoE J 1 Dividend per share of face value of H 2 Customers International Domestic Electronic Brands Our customers are invaluable assets and are fundamental to our sustained growth. They rely on our infrastructure and expertise to deliver superior quality products to end users. Therefore, we strive to provide quality products that meet diverse needs. One-to-One Interactions Customer Meeting E-mails Feedback Mechanism- Survey Operational efficiency Lead Time Product Quality Value-addition to Products Strengthening relationships with domestic & global brands by expansion of portfolios of their business Business Partners & Suppliers Suppliers, Vendors, Landlords, Bankers and other business partners We rely on a number of business partners, including suppliers, bankers and landlords, for smooth and uninterrupted operations on a daily basis. E-mails Site Visits One-to-One Interactions Business partner survey Regular structure meetings Contract Management Timely payment Fair trade practices 700+ Number of Raw Material Suppliers (active) 100% On-time Payment Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 34

[Page 37] Who are they Why are they important Engagement Mechanism Key Concerns and Expectations Value Created in FY 2020-21 Employees Permanent employees and Contractual employees Our people are the foundation of our success. We leverage their skills and competencies to execute our growth plans and strategies. This enables us to retain our competitive edge and fulfil organisational goals. Frequent internal communication Employee engagement initiatives Training and development programmes Employee satisfaction survey Performance based reward system Timely payment of remuneration Growth opportunities Conducive working environment 82.5% Retention Rate 3.86 Lakhs Spend for Training and Development initiatives 980 Man days of Training Conducted Regulatory Bodies and Government SEBI and RBI Ministry of Corporate Affairs Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology Tax authorities, ICAI and ICSI Municipal Authorities State and Central Government We engage with regulatory bodies to stay up-to-date with regulatory trends and leverage opportunities for participation in important matters related to the shaping of standards and regulations. Reports One-to-one Interaction Events E-mails Letters Proper disclosure of business information Compliance with industry norms, laws and regulations Employment Generation Participation in various industry forums and meets Generating employment opportunities Contributing towards making India ‘self reliant’ and export hub in electronic space Communities NGOs Underprivileged Individuals Community/Society Our CSR project beneficiaries are part of our larger family of stakeholders. Through our effort, we strive to create value for the communities in which we operate. We engage with relevant stakeholders through a wide range of CSR initiatives and other community connect programmes. Focus Group Discussions One-to-one interactions Media Website Through third parties like NGOs Enabling social development Creating value for communities Environment- friendly practices K142.74 Lakhs CSR Spend Multiple Beneficiaries like senior citizens & underpriviledged children *Key senior management and circle leadership positions filled during the year with internal talent Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements 35

[Page 38] 1,934 Total no. of employees ISO 9001:2015 (Quality Management System) ISO 14001:2015 (Environmental Management System) ISO 45001:2018 (Occupational Health & Safety Management System) K 1.42 crore Total investment on CSR activities 100% Employees were given safety & skill upgradation training SUPPORTING OUR SUSTAINABILITY ENDEAVOURS At Dixon, we are committed to build a sustainable organisation with a focus on fulfilling our social and environmental responsibilities. We lay great emphasis on upholding the highest standards of corporate governance to comply with regulatory standards and foster transparent communications across organisational verticals. Dixon Technologies places utmost emphasis on corporate sustainability. To expand operations and develop viable strategies, our ESG framework encompasses sound corporate governance practices, balances stakeholder interest, addresses environmental issues and encourages employee care and social involvement. Carbon Disclosure Program Adopted to monitor our environmental footprints Environment Social Governance Ensuring Corporate Sustainability Our ESG Performance Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 36

[Page 39] K 51.31 Lakhs Capex incurred for solar installation We understand the importance of limiting the impact of our operations on the environment. As a result, we have adopted the Restriction of Hazardous Substances Directive (RoHS) to prevent the use of six hazardous materials - Lead (Pb), Mercury (Hg), Cadmium (Cd), Hexavalent Chromium (Cr6), Polybrominated Biphenyls (PBB) and Polybrominated Diphenyl Ether (PBDE), in the manufacturing of electrical and electronic devices. We also endeavor to minimize carbon dioxide emissions and have adopted the Carbon Disclosure Program (CDP) to track our environmental footprint and implement necessary measures to limit carbon emissions. We strive to minimise waste from our operations and aim to eliminate hazardous waste from our products as well as packaging processes. With increased dependence on recycled material, we are focusing on new alternatives and ensuring optimum utilisation of products. We also realize the value of preserving natural resources. We have, therefore, entered into an agreement with Greeniwa Recycler Pvt Ltd to recycle products and dispose e-waste generated from our facilities. We have also collaborated with M/s Steam Oil & General Industries for the disposal of hazardous oil waste, generated during our manufacturing processes. With concerted efforts, we strive to enhance our waste management procedures and build a greener future. Our manufacturing units are energy intensive and we strive to contain and reduce our carbon footprint by enhancing energy efficiency. Our company has, therefore, installed solar rooftop panels to reduce dependence on non-renewable energy at our facility in Noida. We have incurred capital expenditure of H 51.31 Lakhs for the project. We have started to get the benefit from the CAPEX invested in the form of reduced energy costs and savings. Also, we are in discussion and closure of definitive agreements with one of Asia’s leading distributed energy company providing low-carbon energy solutions to Industrial and Commercial customers. The said Company will provide us with solar roof top panels at our Noida and Tirupati facility which will enable us to increase consumption of energy from renewable sources. Dixon formulates an effective environmental policy to guide and direct its efforts to conserve the natural environment. Our environmental management system undertakes initiatives to tackle global warming, recycle by-products, prevent environmental pollution and preserve natural resources, thereby laying a clear roadmap for mitigating environmental risks. Environment Limiting Carbon Emission Waste Management Energy Efficiency Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements 37

[Page 40] We endeavour to improve the skills and capabilities of our employees through need based training programs. Safety training is also prioritised with regular mock drills, safety talks and guided training programs that help us to ensure the safety of our employees. We encourage diversity and prevent discrimination on the basis of caste, creed, religion or sex. We aim to nurture an inclusive workforce, offering equal opportunities of growth and development. We also have a strong representation of women in our workforce and some of our production lines are completely run by women. We believe in equal pay parity, irrespective of the gender of the employee. We do not engage in any form of child labour/forced labor/ involuntary labour and does not adopt discriminatory employment practices. We also follow a strict policy against sexual harassment and have a committee to promptly address complaints of harassment or discrimination at the workplace. During the year under review, no complaint of sexual harassment was received. [For more details on our policies please visit https:// dixoninfo.com/codes-policies. php] At Dixon Technologies, we aspire to empower people and communities by initiating meaningful transformations. With a strong focus on learning, skill development, teamwork and employee engagement policies, we aim to foster a conducive environment for our people to thrive and prosper. We are also dedicated to uplift the weaker sections of society with contributions that have a lasting impact on lives. Social Ensuring Employee Welfare and Equality SUPPORTING OUR SUSTAINABILITY ENDEAVOURS Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 38

[Page 41] Dixon believes in promoting and encouraging the holistic well-being of our employees. We continue to strive for zero injuries and fatalities across our operations and have a strong safety framework in place. We have developed performance indicators to observe the safety and health of our employees, helping us prevent untoward incidents at the workplace. All our projects adhere to safety requirements and we conduct regular emergency mock drills to ensure preparedness for emergencies. During the COVID-19 pandemic, the health and safety of our employees was our top priority. We provided safety equipment such as safety shoes, chemical suits, safety helmets, safety harness, fall arrestor, PPE kits and face shields to all our employees. Further, in alignment with our commitment to create awareness about safety practices and initiatives, we have celebrated Safety Week 2021 from 4th March to 10th March. We organized various safety trainings and fire trainings to provide them basic knowledge on how to tackle fire incidents. Moreover, we also celebrated World Environment Day and National Safety Day to engage and educate our employees about safety measures. Since our inception, Dixon Technologies has been committed to create lasting bonds with communities in which we operate. Our CSR initiatives revolve around the key areas of Education, Hunger Eradication, Socio-Economic Development, Welfare of Senior Citizens and preventive health care. Our CSR initiatives are undertaken in collaboration with NGOs and other agencies, under the supervision of the Board’s CSR committee. Some of the initiatives undertaken in FY 2020-21 are as follows: Partnered with Jan Madhyam and Nav Abhiyan to deliver programs for vocational skill development. The COVID-19 outbreak compelled us to adopt a new work order and adapt to the ‘new normal’. To ensure safety and security of our people, we adhered to social distancing norms and strictly followed safety protocols. We also sanitized our offices regularly and encouraged the use of masks and sanitizers in our factories. Additionally, we provided free remote health assistance for our employees. Oxygen Concentrators have also been arranged for the exclusive use of our employees and their family members. Additionally the company also initiated vaccination, of its on roll employees and faciliated vaccination for contractual workers across units Offered education to differently abled children in Delhi. Provided quality education and holistic care through CBSE affiliated schools for underprivileged children (predominantly girls) in the outskirts of Dehradun, Uttarakhand in association with Purkal Youth Development Society. Associated with Guru Vishram Vridh Ashram (‘SHEOWS’) to run old age homes in Delhi and Garhmukteshwar. Initiated sanitation drives for promoting cleanliness in Noida. Occupational Health & Safety Corporate Social Responsibilities Our Focus on COVID19 2% Of profit spent towards CSR activities 320 Elderly people provided shelter 2 Life support ambulances donated to the NOIDA Authority Donated two life support ambulances to Noida Authority. Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements 39

[Page 42] Dixon is committed to establish a sound corporate governance framework, emphasising on the need to ensure transparency and accountability within the organisation. Under the supervision of an experienced management and Board of Directors, we are committed to embrace our obligations as a responsible corporate entity. Governance SUPPORTING OUR SUSTAINABILITY ENDEAVOURS Good governance starts with independent and engaged directors who have a strong sense of integrity and respect for differing viewpoints. We believe a board that embodies a range of viewpoints, backgrounds and expertise is best positioned to provide new perspectives to our management team as it addresses the challenges and opportunities impacting our business. We constantly ensure that our Board of Directors are a diverse group of candidates who possess the requisite judgment, background, skills We are committed to building the best and most respected compliance program in the industry, one that works in partnership with the business to prevent issues. We do this by fostering a culture of compliance and promoting ethical behaviour across our business and encouraging every employee to comply with relevant laws, regulations and Dixon policies. To follow sound business ethics, we have formed Committee of Excellence (“COE”) which comprises of individuals from various departments. The COE manages the Compliance Management System in the company i.e. Lexcomply and coordinates with compliance vendor i.e. RSJ Lexsys Pvt. Ltd. This committee is setup to oversee the implementation of amendments of applicable laws in every department and regularly updated in the system and it also presents a monthly compliance report to the management. and expertise as well as represents diversity with respect to race, ethnicity and gender, to strengthen and increase the overall diversity, breadth of skills and qualifications of the Board. Fostering Board Diversity Promoting a Culture of Compliance 71% Independent Directors 34 years Average experience of our BOD Our committees Audit Committee Corporate Social Responsibility Committee Internal Committees Research and Development Committee Risk Management Committee Internal Complaints Committee Executive Committee Stakeholders Relationship Committee Committee of Excellence Nomination & Remuneration Committee Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 40

[Page 43] As India embarks on a journey of progress and development, our business environment continues to evolve. With every transition, we remain committed to fulfil our responsibility to retain and nurture our unique values and create a clear roadmap for a sustainable future. We, at Dixon, strive to fortify our ESG strategies to create a strong corporate governance culture and enable holistic change within the organisation. Way Forward Our Board recognizes that operating responsibly— minimizing the environmental impact of our operations, protecting the privacy of our customers’ information and respecting human rights by creating an environment of respect, integrity and fairness for our employees and customers wherever we do business—is fundamental to the long-term success of our company. To oversee the responsibilities, the company has formulated a risk management policy to identify and assess potential threats to business operations. It also relies on an efficient risk management strategy to evaluate and mitigate risks. The details of key risk and our mitigation strategies have been highlighted in the Management Discussion & Analysis section of the report. Maintaining high standards of corporate governance has been fundamental to the company’s business. Our corporate policies define a clear roadmap for our long- term success and business sustainability. In order to instil confidence in stakeholders including shareholders, consumers, and the local community, Dixon relies on a robust corporate governance framework to improve efficiency, transparency and accountability across business verticals Our Whistle Blower policy is in accordance with the provisions of the SEBI Listing Regulations and the Companies Act 2013. Directors and employees are thereby encouraged to report unethical behavior, actual or suspected fraud or violation of the company’s ‘Code of Conduct’. Our Code of Conduct outlines the importance of ethical behaviour to create a conducive working environment. The policy also incorporates guidelines for Confidentiality and Discretion, Insider Trading, and Sexual Harassment. The Policy is overseen by an Audit Committee that helps to implement rules and regulations on a regular basis. We have incorporated a comprehensive internal audit team which is done in-house as well as through Ernst & Young. Over the years, we have emphasised the need to strengthen relationships with stakeholders including customers, suppliers, business partners, vendors, regulatory bodies, investors and communities at large. We aim to maximise value creation and focus on continuous interactions and consultations with stakeholders to foster transparency and establish an inclusive stakeholder engagement policy. For more details about our stakeholder engagement practises, please refer page 34. Risk Management Corporate Policies & Ethics Stakeholder Engagement Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements 41

[Page 44] BOARD OF DIRECTORS For more details scan the QR Code Mr. Sunil Vachani Executive Chairman Mr. Atul B Lall Vice Chairman & Managing Director Mr. Manoj Maheshwari Non-Executive & Independent Director Ms. Poornima Shenoy Non-Executive & Independent Director Dr. Manuji Zarabi Non-Executive & Independent Director Mr. Keng Tsung Kuo Non-Executive & Independent Director Dr. Rakesh Mohan Non Executive & Independent Director Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 42

[Page 45] MANAGEMENT TEAM For more details scan the QR Code Mr. Sunil Vachani (KMP) Executive Chairman Mr. Atul B. Lall (KMP) Vice Chairman & Managing Director Mr. Abhijit Kotnis President – COO - Consumer electronics & Reverse Logistics Mr. Vineet Kumar Mishra President – COO - Lighting Mr. Rajeev Lonial President – COO - Home Appliance Mr. Pankaj Sharma President – COO - Mobile Phone & Security Surveilliance Systems Mr. Ashish Kumar (KMP) Group CS, Head-Legal & HR Mr. Saurabh Gupta (KMP) Chief Financial Officer Mr. Kailash Chander Sharma Vice President, Stores Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements 43

[Page 46] CORPORATE INFORMATION Board of Directors Mr. Sunil Vachani Executive Chairman Mr. Atul B. Lall Vice Chairman & Managing Director Dr. Manuji Zarabi Independent Director Mr. Manoj Maheshwari Independent Director Ms. Poornima Shenoy Independent Director Mr. Keng Tsung Kuo Independent Director Dr. Rakesh Mohan Independent Director Key Managerial Personnel Mr. Sunil Vachani Executive Chairman Mr. Atul B. Lall Vice Chairman & Managing Director Mr. Saurabh Gupta Chief Financial Officer Mr. Ashish Kumar Group CS, Head-Legal & HR Statutory Auditors M/s S.N. Dhawan & Co. LLP 410 Ansal Bhawan 16 Kasturba Gandhi Marg New Delhi - 110001 Ph.:+91 1143684444, 43008546 E-mail Id: contact@mazars.co.in Internal Auditor Ernst & Young LLP 4th & 5th Floor, Plot No 2B, Tower 2 Sector 126 Noida - 201304 Gautam Budh Nagar, U.P . India Tel: +91 120 671 7000 Fax: +91 120 671 7171 Website: ey.com Key Bankers to Our Company HDFC Bank Limited Standard Chartered Bank ICICI Bank Limited J. P . Morgan Chase N.A. Bank of Baroda Annual General Meeting Date: 28th September, 2021 Time: 11:00 A.M. Day: Tuesday Registrar & Share Transfer Agent KFin Technologies Pvt. Ltd. Selenium Tower B, Plot 31 & 32, Financial District, Nanakramguda, Serilingampally Mandal, Hyderabad - 500 032, Telangana Toll free number: 1- 800-309-4001 Website: www.kfintech.com Registered Office B-14 & 15, Phase II, Noida-201305 Ph.: (0120) 4737200 | Fax: (0120) 4737273 Website: www.dixoninfo.com E-mail-ID: investorrelations@dixoninfo.com Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 44

[Page 47] DIRECTOR’S REPORT (H in Lakhs) Particulars Standalone Consolidated For the financial year ended For the financial year ended 31-Mar-21 31-Mar-20 31-Mar-21 31-Mar-20 Revenue from Operations 5,67,460.15 3,67,149.94 6,44,817.04 4,40,011.74 Other Income 238.97 919.74 157.72 519.80 Total Income 5,67,699.12 3,68,069.68 6,44,974.76 4,40,531.54 Profit/Loss Before Depreciation, Finance Costs, Exceptional items and Tax Expenses 27,052.92 20,928.76 28,816.23 22,826.07 Less: Depreciation/Amortisation/Impairment 3,845.71 3,178.30 4,372.07 3,652.52 Profit/Loss Before Finance Costs, Exceptional items and Tax Expenses 23,207.21 17,750.46 24,444.16 19,173.55 Less: Financial Costs 2,591.11 3,509.92 2,743.45 3,496.72 Profit/Loss Before Exceptional items and Tax Expenses 20,616.10 14,240.54 21,700.71 15,676.83 Add/(less): Exceptional items - - - - Profit/Loss Before Tax 20,616.10 14,240.54 21,700.71 15,676.83 Less: Taxes (current & Deferred) 5,418.90 3,180.08 5,721.59 3,626.82 Profit/Loss for the year 15,197.20 11,060.46 15,979.12 12,050.01 Total Comprehensive Income/Loss 15,192.03 11,010.87 15,973.82 12,004.67 Balance of Profit/Loss for earlier years 34,655.10 24,333.14 37,365.67 26,146.66 Add: Profit during the year 15,197.20 11,060.46 15,979.12 12,050.01 Less: Dividend paid on Equity Shares - 689.31 - 689.31 Less: Dividend Distribution Tax - 49.19 - 141.69 Balance carried forward 49,852.30 34,655.10 53,344.79 37,365.67 Dear Member(s), Your Directors take immense pleasure in presenting the 28th Annual Report on the business and operations of your Company along with the Audited Standalone & Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended 31st March, 2021. The consolidated performance of the Company, its Subsidiaries and Joint Ventures have been referred to wherever required. Financial Summary / Performance of the Company (Standalone & Consolidated) The Company’s financial results are as under: Overview and State of Company’s Affairs The Covid-19 pandemic brought economic activity to a near standstill. Due to strict restrictions imposed during the lockdown, barring few essential services, economic activity across the country remained suspended. However, economic activity gradually resumed after easing of restrictions and Q3 witnessed significant recovery due to pent up demand. To revive economic growth, a series of supportive policy actions were introduced by the central bank and the government to stimulate demand and aid economic recovery. Despite challenges in the domestic market due to COVID - 19 the performance of your Company recorded the highest ever revenue and profitability. Your Company continued to emphasize on scaling up operations and increase its portfolio of customers across all segments. Although the COVID-19 outbreak posed major hurdles in the production and supply chain, your Company’s operations were not affected significantly. Your Company has been constantly working towards accomplishing its vision of being the most preferred and trusted manufacturing & solution partner to brands operating across verticals. During the year under review, your Company acquired new customers and increased the scope of work. Approval for the government’s PLI scheme also emerged as an excellent opportunity to further expand your Company’s capabilities. Moreover, your Company has secured manufacturing rights from leading global brands for producing their products. Also, your Company is excited about its prospects in sectors such as telecom, ICT hardware, wearable and LED lights. During the year, your Company successfully entered the set-top boxes and medical equipment market. Your Company’s Joint Venture Company also signed a MoU to manufacture a highly sensitive RT-PCR device for COVID-19 tests. The team adapted to the specific requirements for handing medical grade components within a short period and received ISO 13485 certification in record time. We are also planning to enter segments like Information & Communications Technology (ICT) hardware, telecom, in-house Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements 45

[Page 48] smart TV designs and refrigerators. Another vertical where your Company has recently entered is the wearables segment, mainly in the Twin Wireless Speaker (TWS) segment. Your Company is also entering the Telecom electronic sector through a Joint Venture with leading Telecom Company, and will be jointly applying for the PLI schemes for the segment. We intend to manufacture telecom and networking products like modems, routers, set top boxes, Internet of Things (IoT) devices for the telecom sector. Further information on the Business overview and outlook and State of the affairs of the Company are discussed in detail in the Initial Section and Management Discussion & Analysis. During the year under review, your Company has allotted 1,43,730 Equity shares of H 10/- each pursuant to exercise of Employee Stock Options by eligible employees under Dixon Technologies (India) Limited - Employee Stock Option Plan, 2018. Consequently, the Paid up, Issued and Subscribed Share Capital of your Company was also increased. Further, during the period under review, your Company has not bought back any of its securities / has not issued any Sweat Equity Shares / has not issued any Bonus Shares/ has not issued shares with Differential Voting rights and there has been no change in the voting rights of the shareholders. Split of shares from face value of J 10/- each to face value of J 2/- each Your Company’s strong performance over the years has led to significant rise in the market price of the equity shares of your Company. With a view to encourage wider participation of small investors and to enhance the liquidity of the equity shares at the stock market, the Board of Directors of your Company at their meeting held on 2nd February, 2021, had considered and approved sub-division of each equity share of face value of H 10 each fully paid up into 5 equity shares of face value of H 2 each fully paid up. Subsequently, the same had been approved by the members on 7th March, 2021 through e-voting-postal ballot process. Your Company had fixed 19th March, 2021 as the Record Date for determining the eligibility of shareholders to whom equity shares have been credited after sub-division of equity shares . Old ISIN of the Company has been deactivated and in place new ISIN: INE935N01020 was activated by the depositories for the equity shares of the Company. Equity Shares have been successfully credited into the demat accounts of shareholders holding shares as on record date and shareholders holding shares in physical form were issued fresh share certificates with new distinctive numbers with their old share certificate duly cancelled. Alteration of ‘capital clause’ of memorandum of association Pursuant to the sub-division of face value of equity shares of your Company, as mentioned above, the Capital Clause of the Memorandum of Association of the Company was altered and substituted with the a new Clause V to reflect the corresponding changes in the Authorised Share Capital. Members of the Company had approved such alteration in the Capital Clause of Memorandum of Association through postal ballot held on 7th March, 2021. Details of Employees Stock Options Your Company has, from time to time, introduced employee recognition schemes in the form of ESOPs and such tools have been constructive in acknowledging employee’s contribution to the organisation. The objective of the said ESOPs is to enhance employee motivation, enable employees to participate, directly or indirectly, in the long-term growth and success of your Company. Also, such tools act as a retention mechanism by enabling employee participation in the business as its active member. Appropriations Dividend The Directors are pleased to recommend a dividend of H 1 per equity share of face value of H 2/- each (@50%), payable to those shareholders whose name appears in the Register of Members of your Company as on 21st September, 2021. The payment of Dividend shall be subject to approval of shareholders at the ensuing Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) to be held on 28th September, 2021. The Board of Directors of your Company had approved and adopted the Dividend Distribution Policy containing all the necessary details as required by the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (hereinafter referred to as “SEBI Listing Regulations”). The Dividend shall be payable in accordance with the Dividend Distribution Policy, which is available on the website of your Company at https://dixoninfo.com/json/dixon/ codes-policy/dividend-distribution-policy.pdf. There has been no change in the said policy during the year. The said policy forms part of Annual Report as Annexure-I. The Register of Members and Share Transfer Books of your Company shall remain closed from 22nd September, 2021 to 28th September, 2021 (both days inclusive) for the purpose of payment of final dividend for the financial year ended 31st March, 2021 and the ensuing Annual General Meeting. Transfer to Reserves Details with regard to amount transferred to reserves are provided in the Notes to Financial Statements forming part of this Annual Report. Share Capital Structure There has been no increase / decrease in the Authorised Share Capital of your Company during the year under review. Your Company’s ranking in terms of market capitalisation improved from rank 282 as on 31st March, 2020 to 173 as on 31st March, 2021. Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 46

[Page 49] DIXON ESOP 2020 During the year under review, the members of your Company at 27th Annual General Meeting held on 29th September, 2020 approved DIXON TECHNOLOGIES (INDIA) LIMITED-EMPLOYEE STOCK OPTION PLAN- 2020 (“DIXON ESOP 2020") for the present and/ or future permanent employees of your Company and its present and future subsidiary Company (ies) (“employees”) in accordance with the applicable laws. In accordance with the said approval, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee was designated as Compensation Committee (“Compensation committee”) for the purpose of administration and implementation of Dixon ESOP 2020. Accordingly, the said Compensation Committee, at its meeting held on 30th October, 2020, granted options, details of which are provided in Annexure-II to this Report. DIXON ESOP 2018 At the 25th Annual General Meeting of your Company held on 25th July, 2018, the members had approved DIXON TECHNOLOGIES (INDIA) LIMITED-EMPLOYEE STOCK OPTION PLAN, 2018 (“Dixon ESOP 2018”). The Board had approved the constitution of ‘share allotment committee’ to allot shares, in one or more tranches to the employees of your Company and its subsidiaries pursuant to exercise of stock options vested with them in accordance with DIXON ESOP 2018. During the year under review, the share allotment committee met three times and allotted 1,43,730 equity shares of H 10/- each pursuant to exercise of employee stock options by eligible employees under DIXON ESOP 2018. Disclosures on details of options granted, shares allotted upon exercise, etc. as required under the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits) Regulations, 2014 read with Securities and Exchange Board of India circular no. CIR/ CFD/POLICY CELL/2/2015 dated 16th June, 2015 are set out in Annexure II to this Report. Further, details of options granted and exercised are included in the notes to accounts forming part of Standalone financial statements. Credit Rating The details of Credit Ratings as provided by ICRA Limited are as follows: Type Date Facility Rating Remarks Bank Loan Facility 23rd November, 2020 Fund based and non fund based Long Term ICRA AA- pronounced ICRA double A minus Short Term A1+ Long term rating was Revised and upgraded while short term rating was re-affirmed Commercial Paper 23rd November, 2020 Commercial Paper ICRA A1+ Re-affirmed Investor Education and Protection Fund During the year under review, your Company was not required to transfer any funds to Investor Education and Protection Funds (IEPF). Deposits During the year under review, your Company has not accepted any deposits from the public under Section 73 and 76 of the Act and rules made thereunder and no amount of principal or interest was outstanding as at the end of Financial Year 2020-21. There were no unclaimed or unpaid deposits lying with your Company. Change in the Nature of Business There has been no change in the nature of business carried on by your Company or its subsidiaries during the year under review. Your Company added few segments in its line of business which are- manufacturing of medical equipment, Set top boxes, twin wireless speakers. These products are manufactured either by your Company or by its Subsidiary/Joint venture Company. Also, the Board of Directors of your Company, at its Board meeting held on 9th April, 2021 had approved revision in object clause of Memorandum of association of your Company and had recommended to make the object clause more descriptive and comprehensive in order to include manufacturing of IT hardware and other electronic products. The said revision was approved by the members of the Company through remote e-voting conducted through Postal ballot process. More details with regard to said amendment is provided in Corporate Governance report. Consolidation of Financials In compliance with provisions of Section 129 (3) of the Act read with Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014, your Company has prepared Consolidated Financial Statements as per the Indian Accounting Standards on Consolidated Financial Statements issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. The Audited Consolidated Financial Statements along with the Auditors’ Report thereon forms part of this Annual Report. Subsidiaries, Joint Ventures or Associate Companies 1. Dixon Global Private Limited Dixon Global Private Limited (“DGPL”) is a 100% subsidiary of your Company. DGPL is authorised to carry on agency business in all its branches and to act as agents for Indian and Foreign principals Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements 47

[Page 50] to, inter-alia, sale, purchase, import and export of electrical appliances and gadgets of all kinds. DGPL reported a profit of H 61.33 Lakhs in F.Y. 2020-21 (previous year: H 202.99 Lakhs). 2. Padget Electronics Private Limited Padget Electronics Private Limited (“PEPL”) is a 100% Subsidiary of your Company. PEPL is engaged in the business of manufacturing, selling, exporting, repairing or dealing in mobile phones of all kinds and related components, parts, spares, devices and accessories. PEPL reported a profit of H 302.62 Lakhs in F.Y. 2020-21 (previous year: H 912.82 Lakhs). 3. AIL Dixon Technologies Private Limited AIL Dixon Technologies Private Limited. (“ADTPL”) is a Joint Venture Company of your Company. ADTPL is principally engaged in the business of assembling, manufacturing and selling CCTV security cameras, DVRs, NVRs, IP cameras, cables, power supply, video door phones, bio metrics and allied products. ADTPL reported a Profit of H 809.75 Lakhs in F.Y. 2020-21 (previous year profit of H 627.83 Lakhs). 4. Dixon Electro Appliances Private Limited Dixon Electro Appliances Private Limited (“DEAPL”) is a 100% subsidiary of your Company and was incorporated on 15th January, 2020 and has reported a Loss of H 0.12 Lakhs in F.Y. 2020-21 (previous year loss of H 0.12 Lakhs) The Company was incorporated as wholly owned subsidiary of the Company during 2019-2020 and it is yet to commence its business . 5. Dixon Electro Manufacturing Private Limited Dixon Electro Manufacturing Private Limited (“DEMPL”) 100% Subsidiary of your Company, incorporated on 16th March, 2021. It has reported a loss of H 0.12 Lakhs in F.Y. 2020- 21. The Company was incorporated as wholly owned subsidiary of the Company during the year ended 31st March, 2021 and therefore it is yet to commence its business . 6. Dixon Technologies Solutions Private Limited Dixon Technologies Solutions Private Limited (“DTSPL”) 100% Subsidiary of your Company, incorporated on 16th March, 2021. It has reported a loss of H 0.12 Lakhs in F.Y. 2020- 21 . The Company was incorporated as wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company during the year ended 31st March, 2021 and therefore it is yet to commence its business . 7. Dixon Devices Private Limited Dixon Devices Private Limited (“DDPL”) 100% Subsidiary of your Company, incorporated on 15th May, 2021, of financial year 2020-21. The Company being recently incorporated, is yet to commence its business. A statement containing the salient features of the Financial Statement of the Subsidiaries and Joint Venture Companies in the prescribed format AOC-1 forms part of the Consolidated Financial Statements of your Company. In accordance with Section 136 of the Act, the Audited Financial Statements including the Consolidated Financial Statements and related information of your Company and audited accounts of Subsidiaries are available on the website of your Company at www.dixoninfo.com. None of the above named Subsidiaries and Joint venture Companies declared any Dividend during the Financial Year 2020-21. During the year, Padget Electronics Private Limited, Dixon Global Private Limited, wholly owned subsidiaries of your Company, were material subsidiaries, as per SEBI Listing Regulations. In terms of the provisions of Regulation 24(1) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, appointment of one of the Independent Directors of your Company on the Board of material subsidiaries was applicable only to said wholly owned subsidiaries. Independent Audit Reports of the material subsidiaries are available on the website of your Company. The Secretarial Audit report of these material subsidiaries does not contain any qualification, reservation or adverse remark or disclaimer. The Company monitors performance of subsidiary companies, inter alia, by the following means: Financial statements, in particular investments made by subsidiary companies, are reviewed quarterly by your Company’s Audit Committee; Minutes of Board meetings of subsidiary companies are placed before the Company’s Board regularly; A statement containing all significant transactions and arrangements entered into by subsidiary companies is placed before the Company’s Board; The Company’s Policy for determining Material Subsidiaries is available on the website of the Company and can be accessed at https://dixoninfo.com/json/dixon/codes-policy/ PolicyonMaterialSubsidiary06042020.pdf. Furthermore, pursuant to Regulation 24(A) of SEBI Listing Regulations, read with Guidance note on Annual Secretarial Compliance Report issued by Institute of Company Secretaries of India, the Secretarial Audit report (MR-3) of Material Subsidiaries i.e Padget Electronics Private Limited, Dixon Global Private Limited forms part of the Annual Report. Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 48

[Page 51] Particulars of Loans, Guarantees or Investments Made U/S 186 of the Act Particulars of loans, guarantees given and investments made during the year in accordance with Section 186 of the Act forms part of the notes to the Financial statements provided in this Annual Report. All the loans, guarantees & securities are given and investments are made for the Business purpose. Related Party Transaction In line with the requirements of the Act and SEBI Listing Regulations, your Company has formulated a Policy on Related Party Transactions which is also available on the Company’s website at https://dixoninfo.com/json/dixon/codes-policy/related- party-transaction-policy.pdf. The Policy intends to ensure that proper reporting, approval and disclosure processes are in place for all transactions between your Company and Related Parties. All related party transactions are placed before the Audit Committee and also the Board for approval. Prior omnibus approval of the Audit Committee is obtained as per SEBI Listing Regulations for the transactions which are foreseen and are repetitive in nature. Further, during the year, your Company has entered into contract or arrangement or transaction with the Related Parties which could be considered material in accordance with the Policy of the Company on materiality of Related Party Transactions and as per the SEBI Listing Regulations. These transactions are in the ordinary course of business and are on arm’s length basis. In view of the above, disclosure in Form AOC-2 is not applicable. For details on Related Party Transactions, you may refer Notes to financial statements forming part of the Annual Report. Material Changes and Commitments affecting the Financial Position of your Company and Material Changes between the Date of the Board Report and End of the Financial Year There have been no material changes and commitments affecting the financial position of the Company which have occurred between the end of the Financial year of your Company to which the Financial Statements relate and the date of Board Report. Your Company has entered into a Memorandum of understanding (“MOU”) with leading Telecom Company to make Dixon’s wholly owned subsidiary- Dixon Electro Appliances Private Limited or any other Company identified by the parties, a joint venture Company to undertake manufacturing of telecom and networking products like modems, routers, set top boxes, IOT devices, etc for the telecom sector/industry. The said JV Company filed necessary applications with the Ministry of Communications or any other nodal agency to avail benefits under the PLI Scheme of Government of India. Post execution of mutually acceptable agreements by the parties, the JV Company will be 74% owned by Dixon & 26% owned by said leading Telecom Company. Future Outlook 2020 has been a year like no other in recent history, and the global manufacturing industry has felt its impact. But, it also places India at an advantageous position, taking into consideration the nation’s industrial network, access to abundant natural resources and comparatively cheaper workforce. All these factors could attract manufacturers towards India as an alternative base. It is anticipated that India will soon become a hub for contract manufacturing of consumer electronics. As more and more brands focus on branding and distribution, manufacturing is likely to be outsourced to countries such as India. Also, there lies a possibility for outsourcing the designing of mass products. This can emerge as an inflection point for the Electronic manufacturing Industry and definitely a Y2K moment for us. To capitalise on emerging opportunities, your Company is significantly improving its investments for the PLI scheme. Backed by its strong relations with some of the most renowned multinational brands, your Company remain optimistic about driving growth through capacity augmentation and backward integration. Our constant focus on innovation and robust R&D capabilities also reiterates our position as a leading player in this segment. Besides, your Company is exploring organic and inorganic pathways to gain entry into new segments. Your Company is also taking proactive steps to collaborate with industry behemoths to further expand its foray in domestic and international markets. Also, your Company has recently embarked on its journey of Industry 4.0. It is in the process of finalising a multinational company which will drive the implementation of our manufacturing execution software. This will ensure complete traceability of our operations and allow the management to have a laser like focus on manufacturing excellence. Automation of key processes combined with data analytics will help Dixon further in achieving its goal of complete customer satisfaction. Through the Manufacturing Execution System (MES), a lot of our processes like preventive maintenance, quality control, production planning, logistics will now be digitized. Corporate Governance Your Company believes that executing strategy effectively and generating shareholder value over the long term requires high standards of corporate governance. To ensure good corporate governance, your Company ensures that its governance framework incorporates the amendments introduced in the SEBI Listing Regulations from time to time and the same are complied with on or before the effective date. In terms of SEBI Listing Regulations, a separate section on “Corporate Governance” with a compliance report on corporate governance and a certificate from M/s. Shirin Bhatt & Associates, Company Secretaries, Secretarial Auditors of the Company regarding compliance of the conditions of Corporate Governance, has been provided in this Annual Report. A Certificate of the CEO and CFO of the Company in terms of Listing Regulations, inter-alia, confirming the correctness of the financial statements and cash flow statements, adequacy of the internal control measures and reporting of matters to the Audit Committee, is also annexed. Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements 49

[Page 52] Board of Directors, Its Committees and Meetings thereof The Board of Directors (the “Board”) are responsible for and committed to sound principles of Corporate Governance in your Company. The Board’s focus is on the formulation of business strategy, policy and control. Matters reserved for the Board are those affecting your Company’s overall strategic policies, finances and shareholders. These include, but are not restricted to, deliberation of business plans, risk management, internal control, preliminary announcements of interim and final financial results, dividend policy, annual budgets, major corporate activities such as material acquisitions and disposals and connected transactions. The Board has delegated part of its functions and duties to Executive committee and day-to-day operational responsibilities are specifically delegated to the management. Your Company has a professional Board with right mix of knowledge, skills and expertise with an optimum combination of Executive, Non-Executive and Independent Directors including one Woman Director. The Board provides strategic guidance and direction to your Company in achieving its business objectives and protecting the interest of the stakeholders. Your Board is also supported by Seven Committees viz. Audit Committee, Nomination & Remuneration Committee, Corporate Social Responsibility Committee, Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee, Executive Committee of the Board, Risk Management Committee and Share Allotment Committee. Also during the year Research & Development Committee was constituted by the Board for strengthening R&D function of the company. Also, Dr. Rakesh Mohan, was appointed as an Additional Director of the Company in the capacity of Non-executive and Independent Director by the Board of Directors of the Company at their meeting held on 2nd February, 2021. The resolution for regularisation of his appointment by the shareholders of the Company, forms part of the Notice of 28th Annual General Meeting of the Company to be held on 28th September, 2021. Your Company holds minimum of 4 (four) Board meetings in each calendar year with a gap of not more than one hundred and twenty days between any two consecutive Meetings. Additional meetings of the Board/ Committees are convened as may be necessary for proper management of the business operations of your Company. The agenda and Notice for the Meetings is prepared and circulated in advance to the Directors. The Board of Directors of your Company met 6 (six) times during the Financial Year 2020-21 i.e. 11th June, 2020, 4th August, 2020, 22nd August, 2020, 30th October, 2020, 2nd February, 2021, and 23rd March, 2021. The necessary quorum was present at all the meetings. The intervening gap between any two meetings was not more than one hundred and twenty days as prescribed by the Act. A detailed update on the Board & its Committees, composition thereof, number of meetings held during Financial Year 2020-21 and attendance of the Directors at such meeting is provided in the section “Board of Directors” of “Corporate Governance Report”. Committees of the Board The Board had duly constituted following Committees, which are in line with the provisions of applicable laws: A. Audit Committee B. Nomination and Remuneration Committee C. Corporate Social Responsibility Committee D. Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee E. Risk Management Committee F. Executive Committee G. Share Allotment Committee A detailed update on the composition, number of meetings, attendance and terms of reference of aforesaid Committees are provided in the section “Committees of the Board” of “Corporate Governance Report”. Management Discussion and Analysis Report The Management Discussion and Analysis Report for the year under review as stipulated under SEBI Listing Regulations with the Stock Exchanges in India is presented in a separate section forming part of this Annual Report. Vigil Mechanism Your Company has established a vigil mechanism through which directors, employees and business associates may report unethical behavior, malpractices, wrongful conduct, fraud, violation of Company’s code of conduct, leak or suspected leak of unpublished price sensitive information without fear of reprisal. The directors, employees, business associates have direct access to the Chairman of the Audit committee. The vigil mechanism has been explained in detail in the “Corporate Governance Report”. Risk Management Your Company has adopted risk management policy, which covers five aspects: Strategic risks, Operational Risks, Compliance Risks, Financial and Reporting risks. Major risks identified by the businesses and functions are systematically addressed through mitigating actions on a continuing basis. In line with the SEBI Listing Regulations, your Company has set up a Risk Management Committee to monitor the risks and their mitigating actions. The details of Risk Management Committee are provided elsewhere in this report. Risk Management is also an integral part of your Company’s business strategy. Business Risk Evaluation and Management is an ongoing process within the Organization. The same is available on the website of the Company and can be accessed at: https:// dixoninfo.com/json/dixon/codes-policy/risk-management- policy.pdf. Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 50

[Page 53] During the year under review, the outbreak of Covid-19 pandemic had left countries across the globe shaken and battered and the world economy had come to a ‘sudden stop’. It had triggered an unprecedented health and economic crisis across the globe. Due to the said pandemic situation, a countrywide lockdown was imposed, due to which manufacturing activities came to a temporary halt. However, during the 2nd Quarter and onwards, your Company’s sales and manufacturing activities improved, owing to better planning and management and your Company delivered remarkable numbers during the FY 2020-21. Also, during these challenging times, your Company’s focus had been on ensuring the health and safety of our employees. Also, to address IT related concerns like cyber threats and data vulnerability, your Company has a robust IT system and firewalls to mitigate any threats and risks. The Company takes the below mentioned steps to ensure the privacy and data security of users: a) Using firewalls on the network. b) Antivirus is installed on each system to protect from viruses, anti-malware, adware, worms and Trojans. c) Strong password policy. d) Automatic backup is scheduled for critical users. e) Educating users by sending Information like Security Policy of the Company and email awareness mail periodically. f) External drives are blocked. In the opinion of the Board, there are no risks that may threaten the existence of your Company. Adequacy of Internal Controls systems and Compliance with Laws Your Company has an adequate system of internal controls commensurate with the nature of its business and the size and complexity of its operations. These controls have been designed to provide a reasonable assurance over effectiveness and efficiency of operations, prevention and detection of frauds and errors, safeguarding assets from unauthorised use or losses, compliance with applicable laws and regulations, accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, timely preparation of reliable financial information. Your Company has an independent internal audit function supported by dedicated outsourced teams. Every quarter, the Audit Committee of the Board is presented with key concerns and the actions taken by your Company on concerns highlighted. Also, the Audit Committee, provide their observation, suggestions and recommendations and seek Action Taken Reports from Management of the Company. The said Committee regularly at its meeting, reviews the status of such Action Taken Reports. In order to supplement the Internal Control process, your Company has engaged the services of M/s Ernst & Young LLP, to function as Internal Auditors. Also, the Corporate Affairs Department ensures that your Company conducts its businesses with high standards of compliance in legal, statutory and regulatory areas. Your Company has instituted an online legal Compliance Management System in conformity with the best Industry standards which gives the compliance status on real time basis. The Internal Auditors of your Company have direct access to the Audit Committee of the Board. Furthermore, the Internal Auditors are also responsible for following up the corrective actions to ensure that satisfactory controls are maintained. Significant and Material Orders Passed by the Regulators or Courts or Tribunals Impacting the Going Concern Status and Company’s Operations in Future During the year under review, there has been no such Significant and Material Orders passed by the Regulators or courts or tribunals impacting the going concern status and your Company’s operations in future. Also, there had been no application filed for Corporate insolvency resolution process under “The Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016”, by a Financial or operational creditor or by your Company itself during the period under review. There was no instance of onetime settlement with any Bank or Financial Institution. Annual Return In accordance with Section 92 and 134 of the Act read with MCA circular dated 28th August, 2020, and notification dated 5th March, 2021 the requirement to annex an extract of the annual return with this Annual report in form MGT-9 is dispensed with and is no longer required. Also, the Annual Return of your Company for the FY 2020-21 shall be placed on the website at www.dixoninfo.com in due course. The link to access Annual Return for previous Financial year 2019- 20 is https://www.dixoninfo.com/agm.php. Directors and Key Managerial Personnel who were Appointed/Re-appointed or have resigned during the Year Directors A. Appointment of Dr. Rakesh Mohan In order to promote good governance, the Company was required to have diversified Board which brings experience and provides their valuable contribution towards the growth of the Company. Therefore, to strengthen the existing Board, Dr. Rakesh Mohan was appointed as an Additional Director on the Board in the capacity of Non- Executive & Independent Director w.e.f 2nd February, 2021 for a period of 5 consecutive years. Dr. Rakesh Mohan has over 5 decades of rich and considerable experience in central banking, monetary policy, infrastructure and urban affairs. The Board opines that Dr. Mohan has requisite integrity, expertise and experience with capability to critically analyse each of the Business segments and bring in more value to the organization as a whole. B. Re-appointment of Mr. Manoj Maheshwari as Independent Director for second term of 5 consecutive years Your Company’s Board had appointed Mr. Manoj Maheshwari as Non- Executive and Independent Director on the Board w.e.f 3rd Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements 51

[Page 54] May, 2017 for a period of three consecutive years. Accordingly, the term of Mr. Manoj Maheshwari was due for expiry on 2nd May, 2020. Therefore, the members of the Company at the Annual General Meeting held on 31st July, 2019 approved the said re-appointment of Mr. Manoj Maheshwari for a period of 5 years with effect from 3rd May, 2020. Key Managerial Personnel (“KMPs”) Pursuant to the provisions of Section 203 of the Act, as on 31st March, 2021 Mr. Sunil Vachani, Executive Chairman & Whole Time Director, Mr. Atul B Lall, Vice Chairman & Managing Director, Mr. Saurabh Gupta, Chief Financial Officer and Mr. Ashish Kumar, Group CS, Head- Legal & HR of the Company are the KMPs of your Company. Directors Liable to Retire by Rotation In accordance with the provisions of the Act, not less than 2/3rd (Two-third) of the total number of Directors (other than Independent Directors) shall be liable to retire by rotation. Accordingly, pursuant to the Act read with Articles of Association of your Company, Mr. Sunil Vachani (DIN: 00025431) is liable to retire by rotation and, being eligible, offers himself for re-appointment. Declaration of Independent Directors of the Company As on date of this report, the Board comprises of 7 (seven) Directors. The composition includes 5 (five) Independent Directors. All the Independent Directors are appointed on the Board of your Company in compliance with the applicable provisions of the Act and SEBI Listing Regulations. Your Company has received declarations from all the Independent Directors confirming that they meet/continue to meet, as the case may be, the criteria of Independence under sub-section (6) of section 149 of the Act and Regulation 16(1) (b) of the SEBI Listing Regulations. Also, the Independent Directors have complied with the Code for Independent Directors prescribed in Schedule IV of the Act and have confirmed that they are in compliance with the Code of Conduct for Directors and Senior Management personnel formulated by the Company. Familiarization Programme for the Independent Directors In compliance with the requirements of the SEBI Listing Regulations, your Company has put in place a familiarization programme for the Independent Directors to familiarize them with their roles, rights and responsibility as Directors, working of the Company, nature of the industry in which the Company operates, business model etc. The details of the familiarization programme are explained in the Corporate Governance Report. The same is also available on the website of the Company and can be accessed at web link https://dixoninfo.com/json/dixon/codes-policy/Code%20 for%20Independent%20Director%20and%20familiarization%20 programme_Final%20-%2031.05.2021.pdf. Board and Director’s Evaluation Pursuant to the provisions of the Act and the SEBI Listing Regulations, Annual evaluation of the Board, its Committees and individual directors has been carried out on the basis of Guidance Note on Board Evaluation issued by Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”). To facilitate the evaluation process, Board and its Committee’s self- evaluation questionnaires were circulated to the Board members and respective Committee members and an online link was also provided to the Board members and respective Committee members wherein an option was provided to the Board and committee members to fill in the said questionnaires online. Basis the results of the aforesaid questionnaire and feedback received from the Directors and respective Committee members, the performance evaluation of the Independent Directors were carried out by the entire Board excluding the Director being evaluated. The performance evaluation of the Executive Chairman and Managing Director was carried out by the Independent Directors. The directors have expressed their satisfaction with the evaluation process. Separate Meeting of Independent Directors Pursuant to Schedule IV to the Act and SEBI Listing Regulations one meeting of Independent Directors was held during the year i.e. on 23rd March, 2021, without the attendance of non-independent Directors and members of Management. In addition, your Company encourages regular meetings of its independent directors to update them on Strategies of the Company. At such meetings, the Head of the Departments of the Company make presentations with respect to the Business Vertical which they are heading. Such Meeting was conducted on 23rd March, 2021. Auditors & Auditors’ Report Statutory Auditors- M/s S. N. Dhawan & Co LLP M/s S. N. Dhawan & Co LLP (Firm registration number: 000050N/N500045) were appointed as Statutory Auditors of your Company at the Annual General Meeting held on 25th July, 2018, for a term of five consecutive years. The Independent Auditors Report given by the Auditors on the financial statement (Standalone and Consolidated) of your Company forms part of this Annual Report. There has been no qualification, reservation, adverse remark or disclaimer given by the Auditors in their Report. Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 52

[Page 55] Secretarial Auditors- M/s Shirin Bhatt & Associates, Practicing Company Secretaries Pursuant to the provisions of Section 204 of the Act and the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014, the Board of Directors of your Company at its meeting held on 24th May, 2019 had appointed M/s Shirin Bhatt & Associates, Practicing Company Secretaries to undertake the Secretarial Audit of the Company for the Financial Year 2020-21. The Secretarial Audit Report is annexed herewith as Annexure – III. The Secretarial Audit Report does not contain any qualification, reservation or adverse remark. Cost Auditors- M/s Satija & Co, Cost Accountants In terms of the Section 148 of the Act read with Companies (Cost Records and Audit) Rules, 2014, your Company is required to maintain cost accounting records and get them audited every year from Cost Auditor and accordingly such accounts and records are made and maintained by your Company. The Board of Directors appointed M/s Satija & Co., Cost Accountants, Delhi as Cost Auditors to audit the cost accounts of your Company for the Financial Year 2020-21. The Cost Audit Report for the FY 2020-21 will be filed with the Ministry of Corporate Affairs. Internal Auditors- M/s Ernst & Young LLP M/s Ernst & Young LLP ., were appointed as Internal Auditors of the Company at the Board Meeting held on 11th June, 2020, to conduct the Internal Audit for the FY 2020-2021. During the period under review, M/s Ernst & Young LLP ., performed the duties of internal auditors of your Company and their report is reviewed by the Audit Committee. Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Your Company has been constantly working towards promoting equality, including and empowering the under-represented and underserved communities. Your Company invests in the areas of education, inclusion and livelihood through non-profits and social enterprises. Your Company’s constant endeavour has been to support initiatives in the chosen focus areas of CSR, including certain unique initiatives. It has attempted to look into the solutions to disrupt the status quo and bring in fresh thinking to the existing problems of exclusion, deprivation and poverty. Your Company has a duly constituted CSR Committee, which is responsible for fulfilling the CSR objectives of your Company. The composition of CSR committee is as stated in the “Committees of the Board” section of “Corporate Governance report. The Board of Directors have adopted a CSR policy which is in line with the provisions of the Act. The CSR Policy of your Company lays down the philosophy and approach of your Company towards its CSR commitment. The policy can be accessed at the following link: https://dixoninfo.com/json/dixon/codes-policy/Corporate%20 Social%20Responsibility%20Policy%20-%2031.05.2021.pdf. Annual Report on Corporate Social Responsibility Activities of your Company is enclosed as Annexure - IV and forms a part of this report. Business Responsibility Report Your Company’s business responsibility ingrains the spectrum of nine principles of National Voluntary Guidelines issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, Government of India, along with their key elements. This is enabled by a suite of frameworks, governance, social objectives, policies, code of conduct and management systems integrated with the business process. Your Company has adopted Business Responsibility Policy which is available on the website of the Company. In terms of SEBI Listing Regulations, a separate section on “Business Responsibility Report” forms part of this Annual Report and is given in Annexure - V. Conservation of Energy, Technology, Absorption and Foreign Exchange Earnings and Outgo The particulars as prescribed under Section 134(3)(m) of the Act, read with Rule 8 of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014, are set out in Annexure-VI. Green Initiative Your Company has implemented the “Green Initiative” to enable electronic delivery of notice/documents/ annual reports to shareholders. Electronic copies of the Annual Report for the F.Y. 2020-21 and notice of the 28th Annual General Meeting are being sent to all members whose e-mail addresses are registered with the Company/Depository Participant(s) as on the record date i.e. 27th August, 2021. For members, who have not registered their e-mail addresses, please update your e-mail ids with your respective Depository Participants. Your Company is providing e-voting facility to all members to enable them to cast their votes electronically on all resolutions set forth in the Notice of 28th Annual General Meeting beginning from 9:00 a.m. on 25th September, 2021 (Saturday) till 5:00 p.m. on 27th September, 2021 (Monday). This is pursuant to section 108 of the Act read with relevant rules thereunder. The instructions for e-voting are provided in the Notice of the Annual General Meeting. In furtherance of the aforesaid principle of “Green Initiative”, your Company has decided to forego the practice of printing financial Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements 53

[Page 56] statements of its subsidiary as part of the Company’s Annual Report with a view to help the environment by reducing paper consumption. However, the audited financial statements of the subsidiary(ies) alongwith Auditors’ Report thereon are available on our website www.dixoninfo.com . Human Resources Your Company cares for its employees and aims to provide a supportive, pleasant and healthy workplace for its employees. To foster a caring community, the Company recognises that having good staff relations and a motivated workforce plays a vital role in the Company’s efficient operations. Your Company’s human resource department has played a key role in supporting the employees and catalysing the changes in the workplace owing to covid 19 pandemic. Following are some of the steps which the HR department of your Company undertook in order to support the employees: Cleaning and disinfecting the workplace at regular intervals; Ensuring Social distancing between employees and constant use of face mask Installation of sanitisers at various places in the work places Encouraging roaster plans in each department for attendance at work place Also, your Company is taking multiple pre-emptive measure wherever required to handle the second wave of Covid-19. Your Company provided free remote health assistance to employees and have tied up with a leading healthcare provider for it. Arrangement for Oxygen Concentrators were also made for use of our employees and their family members. In the last fiscal, the Human Resource department undertook several new initiatives for employee engagement and organized programmes like, Yoga Sessions, women’s day celebration, birthday celebration, Zumba Class, eye check-up and health check-ups for the employees. The employees of the Company are constantly updated on the business affairs of the Company through “Dixon-Connect”- a journal which disseminates vital information and messages pertaining to Dixon Group. Your Company believes in work diversity and ensures that it has a mixed workforce irrespective of caste, creed, religion and sex. Your Company has representation from all sects of the religion thereby ensuring diversity in workforce. Your company has representation of women at workplace. In few of our units, we have only women workforce who runs the entire production line. Similarly in other units, your Company has good strength of women workforce in the shop floor. Your Company believes in equal pay parity irrespective of gender. All the workforce are paid based on their skill level. Dixon also conducts training under National Apprenticeship Promotion Scheme (NAPS) on an ongoing basis for all its apprentices. Furthermore, your Company believes in 360 degree approach while dealing with its human resource. Therefore, feedback of its employees is considered of utmost importance. In a step towards the same, a Town hall meeting was organised during the financial year and also an online survey was conducted whereby feedback, on anonymous basis, of employees was sought on areas such as- Things employees would like to change in your Company, Things which employees want the Company or management to continue doing, What more can be done to serve customers, What should be the focus area of management. The management received inspiring responses from its employees which will definitely help the management of your Company to make your Company as one of the best places to work/associated with. Particulars of Employees and Remuneration The ratio of the remuneration of each of the Whole time Director, Managing Director to the median of employees remuneration as per section 197(12) of the Act, read with Rule 5 (1) of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 forms part of this report provided in Annexure VII. Additionally, the following details form part of the Annexure-VII to this Report: a) Ratio of Remuneration to Non- Executive / Independent Directors (refer table 2) b) Percentage increase in the remuneration of the CFO and Company Secretary (refer table 3) c) Details of remuneration to Non-Executive /Independent Directors (refer table 4) d) Statement containing the names of top 10 employees in terms of remuneration drawn (refer table 5) e) Details of employees employed throughout the Financial Year and in receipt of remuneration of not less than H 1.02 Crore or more per annum (refer table 6 ) f) Details of employees employed for part of the Financial Year and in receipt of remuneration of not less than H 8.5 Lakhs per month (refer table 7) g) Details of employees employed throughout the financial year or part thereof and was in receipt of remuneration, in aggregate or as the case may be, at a rate which, in the aggregate, is in excess of that is drawn by the Managing Director or Whole Time Director and holds by himself or along with his spouse and dependent children, not less than two percent of the equity shares of the Company (refer table 8); h) Details of the employees posted outside India, not being the Director or their relatives drawing Remuneration of more than H 60 Lakhs per annum or H 5 Lakhs per month (Refer Table 9) The percentage increase in the median remuneration of the employees in the Financial Year 2020-21 was 15%. Also, the average percentile increase in the salaries of employees other than the managerial personnel is 10.9% as compared to 15.6% increase Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 54

[Page 57] in the Managerial remuneration. The increment to each individual employee is based on the Employee’s potential, experience and also their performance and contribution to the Company’s progress over a period of time. The remuneration is as per the Remuneration Policy of the Company. Also, during the year under review, Mr. Sunil Vachani and Mr. Atul B. Lall have received consultancy fees amounting to H 24,00,000 and H 12,00,000 per annum, respectively, from Padget Electronics Private Limited for providing their expertise in the field of EMS to Padget Electronics Private Limited. Director’s Appointment and Remuneration Policy Your Company’s policy on directors’ appointment and remuneration, including criteria for determining qualifications, positive attributes, independence of a director and other matters provided under sub section (3) of Section 178 of the Act, as is adopted by the Board. Your Company has adopted a comprehensive policy on nomination and remuneration of Directors and Key Managerial Personnel on the Board. As per such policy, candidates proposed to be appointed as Directors and Key Managerial Personnel on the Board shall be first reviewed by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee in its duly convened Meeting. The policy can be accessed at the following Link: https://dixoninfo.com/json/dixon/codes-policy/ nomination-and-remuneration-policy.pdf. Disclosures under Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition & Redressal) Act 2013 Read with Rules Your Company has always believed in providing a safe and harassment free workplace for every women employee working with your Company. Your Company always endeavours to create and provide an environment that is free from discrimination and harassment including sexual harassment. Your Company has a zero tolerance for sexual harassment at workplace and, therefore, has in place a policy on prevention of sexual harassment at workplace. The said policy is in line with the provisions of the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013 and the Rules thereunder. The policy aims at prevention of harassment of women employees contractors and lays down the guidelines for identification, reporting and prevention of sexual harassment. Your Company has complied with the provisions relating to the constitution of the lnternal Complaints Committee (ICC) and the same has been duly constituted in compliance with the Sexual Harassment of Women at workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013. The said Committee is responsible for redressal of complaints related to sexual harassment and follows the guidelines provided in the policy. The following is a summary of sexual harassment complaints received and disposed of during the year: a. No. of complaints received: 0 b. No. of complaints disposed of: NA c. No. of complaints pending: 0 Also, the Company had organised sexual harassment training programmes, from time to time, for its employees and staff. The said training programmes and workshop were helpful in creating necessary awareness and to encourage cooperative environment in the organisation. Reporting of Fraud By auditors There have been no instances of fraud reported by the Statutory Auditors or Internal Auditors under Section 143(12) of the Act and Rules framed thereunder either to the Audit Committee, the Board of Directors or to the Central Government. Disclosure in Respect of Voting Rights not Exercised Directly By Employees No disclosure is required under Section 67(3) (c) of the Act, in respect of voting rights not exercised directly by the employees of the Company as the provisions of the said Section are not applicable. Changes in Memorandum of Association During the year under review, the shares of the Company having face value of H 10 were divided into 5 shares having a face value of H 2 each, vide approval of members through postal ballot dated 7th March, 2021. Consequently the Capital clause of the Memorandum of Association was altered in the following manner. Previous clause (V- Capital Clause) Amended Clause (V- Capital Clause) The Authorised Share Capital of the Company is H 26,00,00,000/- (Rupees Twenty-Six Crores Only) divided into 2,60,00,000 (Two Crores sixty lacs only) equity shares of H10/- (Rupees Ten only) each with power to increase, reduce or reorganize the same in accordance with the provisions of Companies Act, 2013. The Authorised Share Capital of the Company is H 26,00,00,000/- (Rupees Twenty-Six Crores Only) divided into 13,00,00,000 (Thirteen Crores) Equity Shares having face value of H2/- (Rupees Two) each with power to increase, reduce or reorganize the same in accordance with the provisions of Companies Act, 2013 Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements 55

[Page 58] Further, the object clause of the Company was revised, with effect from 12th May, 2021, vide member’s approval through postal ballot dated 12th May, 2021. The said revision was made in Sub Clause (A)1 of the Main Object clause in order to make it more comprehensive and descriptive. Consequently, the said clause was amended as follows: Previous clause [Sub Clause (A)1 of the Main Object clause] Amended Clause [Sub Clause (A)1 of the Main Object clause] To purchase, sell, manufacture, export, repair, hire, let out on hire, alter, exchange or otherwise deal in all kinds of household appliances, instruments and devices such as refrigerators, air conditioners, room coolers, desert coolers, water coolers, all kinds of fans, washing machines, iron-presses, steam presses, dryers, heaters, geysers, cassette recorders, video games, video cassettes, tape duplicators, pressure cookers, ovens, microwave ovens, cooking ranges, mixies, grinders, toasters, juicers, hot plates, vacuum cleaners, transformers, televisions, radios, music system, tea coffee makers, Food warmers & Dishwashers of all kinds and such other electrical appliances of all types and compressors and electric motors of every kind and description. To purchase, sell, manufacture, trade, export, import, repair, service, hire, let-out on hire, alter, assemble, design, exchange, engage or otherwise deal in all kinds of Consumer durables, Electronic products, home appliances products, industrial products, communication products, medical equipment, wearables, Information Technology Products, Internet of Things (IoT), digital Products, audio visual products, wireless products including its devices, durables, equipment, appliances, peripherals, accessories, components, spares, parts, consumables, instruments, kits, apparatus, sheet metal components, solders, integrated circuits, transformers, injection moulding components, system tubing, motors, gadgets, tools, testing equipment, engines, any other articles, electrical products, by-products, materials, software(s), application(s) or such other related things (“the Appliances”) as may be used in the above Appliances or for the above Appliances or as may be otherwise used including as its substitutes by whatever name called, as whole or part, including Appliances such as all types of televisions, washing machines, dishwashers, digital screens, displays, computer, laptop, desktop, monitors, servers, All-in-one Computer, refrigerators, freezers, air conditioners, air/ water purifiers, water coolers, water dispensers, heaters, humidifier, dehumidifier, fans, presses, flatteners, dryers, geysers, audio video games, camera, recorders, food maker, beverage maker, food warmer, processors, cooking or food processing ranges, microwave, ovens, toasters, cleaner, chimney, mobile handset, smart phone, feature phone, telephone instruments, telecommunication equipment, core transmission equipment, networking equipment, customer premise equipment, wireless equipment, access devices, routers, tablet, smart watches, fitness tracker, headphones, earbuds, earplugs, bluetooth devices, GPS, wi-fi/Internet devices, medical equipment, molecular diagnostic product, circuit boards, chassis, audio player and/or video player , security systems, CCTV Cameras, CD Player, DVD player, alarms, biometric products, plug & play devices and to engage in all businesses as may be related or ancillary to the Appliances Deviation(s)/Variation(s) in Use of Proceeds from Objects Stated in Offer Document Pursuant to Regulation 32 of SEBI Listing Regulations, at the start of the financial year, the Company had an unutilised amount of H 211.63 Lakhs, constituting 3.53%, of total IPO proceeds. In terms of provision of the Act read with SEBI Listing Regulations and SEBI (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018, your Company sought approval from the members to utilise the said unutilised amount toward General Corporate purpose. The said approval was granted by the members at the 27th Annual General Meeting of your Company. Accordingly, during the year under review, the said unutilised amount was spent towards General Corporate Purposes. As on 31st March, 2021 your Company has utilised H 6000 Lakhs out of total IPO proceeds amounting to H 6000 Lakhs (“total IPO proceeds”), which constitutes 100% of total IPO proceeds. Compliance of Applicable Secretarial Standard During the financial year under review, your Company has duly complied with all the applicable Secretarial Standards issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India. Listing on Stock Exchanges The Company’s shares are listed on BSE Limited (“BSE”) and the National Stock Exchange of India Limited (“NSE”). Directors Responsibility Statement In terms of Section 134(5) of the Act, your directors hereby confirm that: Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 56

[Page 59] (a) in the preparation of the annual accounts for the financial year ended 31st March , 2021, the applicable accounting standards have been followed along with proper explanation relating to material departures; (b) the directors have selected such accounting policies and applied them consistently and made judgments and estimates that are reasonable and prudent so as to give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Company at the end of the financial year and of the profit and loss of the Company for that period; (c) the directors have taken proper and sufficient care for the maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, for safeguarding the assets of the Company and preventing and detecting fraud and other irregularities; (d) the directors have prepared the annual accounts for the financial year ended 31st March, 2021, on a going concern basis; (e) the directors, had laid down internal financial controls to be followed by the company and that such internal financial controls are adequate and were operating effectively; (f) the directors have devised proper systems to ensure compliance with the provisions of all applicable laws and that such systems are adequate and operating effectively. Key Financial Ratios The Key financial ratios for the financial year ended 31st March, 2021 forms part of the Management Discussion and Analysis Report. Acknowledgment The Board of Directors would like to express their sincere appreciation for the assistance and co-operation received from the financial institutions, banks, Government authorities, customers, vendors and members during the year under review. The Boards of Directors also wish to place on record its deep sense of appreciation for the committed services by the Company’s executives, staff and workers. By the order of the Board For Dixon Technologies (India) Limited Sd/- Sd/- Sunil Vachani Atul B. Lall (Executive Chairman) (Vice Chairman & DIN:00025431 Managing Director) DIN:00781436 Date: 27th May, 2021 Place: Noida Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements 57

[Page 60] ANNEXURE-I Dividend Distribution Policy Dividend Distribution Policy 1. Introduction, Purpose and Scope: Regulation 43A of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 read with SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) (Second Amendment) Regulations, 2016 mandated framing of Dividend Distribution Policy by top 500 listed companies, based on the market capitalization. Considering the provisions of the said Regulation 43A, the Board of Directors (the “Board”) of Dixon Technologies (India) Limited (“Company”) recognizes the need to strengthen the Corporate Governance in the Company by adopting the Dividend Distribution Policy. The policy, in the interest of providing transparency to the shareholders, sets out the circumstances and different factors for consideration by the Board at the time of deciding on distribution or of retention of profits. In view of the said requirement, the Board of Directors of the Company recognizes the need to lay down a broad framework with regard to the distribution of dividend to its shareholders and utilization of the retained earnings. The Policy reflects the intent of the Company to reward its shareholders by distributing a portion of its profits after retaining sufficient funds for the business needs and growth of the Company. The Company would ensure to strike the right balance between the quantum of the dividend paid and amount of profits retained in the business for various purposes. The Board of Directors will have regards to this policy while declaring/recommending dividends on the behalf of the Company. Through this policy, the Company would strive to maintain a consistent approach to dividend pay-out plans. The Board of the Company at its meeting held on 7th February, 2018 had approved and adopted the Dividend Distribution Policy (the “Policy”) pursuant to the terms of Regulation 43A of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 read with SEBI (LODR) (Second Amendment), 2016. The policy shall become effective from the date of its approval by the Board i.e. 7th February, 2018. For the purpose of this Policy, Dividend includes Interim Dividend. 2. Parameters for the policy: 2.1 Operating Performance: The Board shall determine the dividend pay-out in a particular year after taking into consideration the operating and financial performance of the Company, the advice of executive management (Executive Chairman and Managing Director) and other relevant factors in this regard. 2.2 Operating cash flow of the Company: In case of inadequacy in operating cash flow, the Company may need to rely on external funding to meet its financial obligations and other working capital needs. The Board will consider the same before its deciding on whether to declare dividend or retain its profits. 2.3 Inadequacy of profits: If during any financial year, the Board determines that the profits of the Company are inadequate or in the event of loss, the Board may decide not to declare dividends for the financial year. 2.4 Statutory/ Regulatory requirements and tax considerations: The Company shall observe the relevant statutory requirements including those with respect to mandatory transfer of a certain portion of profits to any specific reserve(s), as may be applicable to the Company at the time of taking decision with regard to dividend declaration or retention of profit. Dividend distribution tax as per applicable tax regulations in India. Any restriction on payment of dividends by virtue of any regulation, if any, as may be applicable to the Company at the time of declaration of dividend. 2.5 Operational and working capital requirements, provision for depreciation and capital expenditure plans: In addition to the operational and working capital requirements, the Board may also take into account the need to plough back the earnings on account of depreciation, replacement of capital assets, expansion and modernization or augmentation of capital assets, including any major capital expenditure proposal(s) and inter-corporate investments. 2.6 Prudential requirements: The Company may take into account the following prudential requirements:- The need to augment long term financial resources for the Company. Ability of the Company to raise finance from the lending markets and capital markets and prevailing market conditions thereto. Prospective projects and strategic decisions in order decide to build a healthy reserve of retained earnings. 2.7 Stakeholder’s expectations: The Board, while considering the decision of dividend pay-out or retention of a certain amount entire profits of the Company, Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 58

[Page 61] shall, as far as possible, consider the expectations of the major stake holders including the small shareholders of the Company, who generally expect a regular dividend pay-out. 3. Other significant parameters: 3.1. Circumstances under which the shareholders may or may not expect dividend: The Shareholders of the Company may not expect Dividend under the following circumstances: Significant expansion project requiring higher allocation of capital. Any acquisitions or joint ventures requiring significant allocation of capital. Utilisation of surplus cash for buy-back of securities. 3.2. Financial parameters that shall be considered while declaring dividend: Profits earned during the year. The need for ploughing back the profits into business. Need for conservation of cash due to economic downturn and Additional investments in subsidiaries/associates/Joint Ventures. 3.3. Internal and External factors to be considered while declaring dividend. The decision regarding dividend pay-out is a crucial business decision as it determines the amount of profit to be distributed among the shareholders and amount of profit to be retained in business. The Board of Directors may decide to declare / recommend dividend, subject to several factors and hence, any optimal policy in this regard may depend upon multifarious factors. The dividend pay-out decision depends upon the following external and internal factors:- External Factors: Prevailing economic and monetary conditions including credit availability, both domestic and international. Internal Factors: Restructuring events including mergers and acquisitions. Loan covenants entered into with Bankers / Lenders/ Financial institutions. Expansion of existing business. Legal and regulatory requirements. Any other relevant factors as may be deemed fit by the Board of Directors of the Company, including: i. Policy on utilisation of retained earnings: The Company may utilise the retained earnings for issue of fully paid bonus shares, buy back of shares, restructuring events including mergers and acquisitions, other general factors specified in this policy and for such other purposes as may be statutorily permissible. ii. Parameters adopted with regard to various classes of shares: a) At present, the issued, subscribed and paid up share capital comprises only one class of equity shares. b) The payment of dividend shall be based on the respective rights attached to each class of shares as their terms of issue. c) The dividends shall be paid out of the Company’s distributable profits and / or general reserves and from such other reserves as may be statutorily permissible, and shall be allocated among shareholders on a pro-rate basis according to the number of each type and class of shares held. 4. Rate/ Quantum of Dividend: It has always been the Company’s endeavour to deliver sustainable value to all its stakeholders, which has been evident from the consistent dividend track record of the Company. The Company will strive to distribute an optimal and appropriate level of the profits earned by it in its business, to the shareholders, in the form of dividend. The Company would maintain a dividend pay-out as may be determined by the Board from time to time, considering the general business factors and other significant parameters specified in this policy. 5. The Policy shall not apply to: Determination and declaring dividend on preference shares, if any to be issued by the Company at a later date, as the same will be as per the terms of issue approved by the shareholders; Distribution of dividend in kind, for instance- by issue of fully or partly paid bonus shares or other securities, subject to applicable law; Distribution of cash as an alternative to payment of dividend by way of buyback of equity shares. 6. Amendments to the Policy: This policy may be amended by the Managing Director of the Company at any time either suo-moto and / or pursuant to amendments to the LODR Regulations or such other law, rules, regulations, standards, guidelines as applicable. If there is any amendment to the policy, this policy will be deemed to have been amended and such amendment will take effect from date of the approval of such amendment. Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements 59

[Page 62] ANNEXURE-II DISCLOSURE PURSUANT TO THE PROVISIONS OF SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE BOARD OF INDIA (SHARE BASED EMPLOYEE BENEFITS) REGULATIONS, 2014 Dixon Technologies (India) Limited laid down two stock option plans viz. Dixon Technologies (India) Limited — Employee Stock Option Plan, 2018 (‘Dixon ESOP 2018’) and Dixon Technologies (India) Limited — Employee Stock Option Plan, 2020 (‘Dixon ESOP 2020’) which provided for the grant of equity shares of the company to the eligible employees of the company and its subsidiary companies, in accordance with members approval accorded at the 25th and 27th Annual General Meeting of the Company, respectively. Pursuant to the said ESOP Plans, stock options have been granted to the employees of the Company and its subsidiaries. Further, the Plans haves been laid down in accordance with the terms of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits) Regulations, 2014 and a certificate to this effect from Statutory Auditors of the Company, M/s S. N. Dhawan & Co., will be placed at the ensuing Annual General Meeting. The Company has not amended the Plans during the financial year 2020-2021. A. Relevant disclosures in terms of the “Guidance Note on Accounting for Employee Share-based Payments” issued by ICAI or any other relevant accounting standards as prescribed from time to time. Relevant details has been provided in Note no. 41 of the Notes to Standalone Financial Statements forming part of the Annual Report 2020-21 of the Company. The said disclosure have also been placed on the website of your Company and may be accessed at https:// dixoninfo.com/agm.php” B. Diluted EPS on issue of shares pursuant to all the schemes covered under the regulations is disclosed in the following Section C in accordance with ‘Accounting Standard 20 - Earnings Per Share’ issued by ICAI or any other relevant accounting standards as prescribed from time to time. C. General Terms and Conditions Sl. No Particulars Dixon ESOP 2018 Dixon ESOP 2020 1 General Terms and Conditions A Date of shareholders’ approval 25th July, 2018 29th September, 2020 B Total number of options approved under ESOS 5,00,000 3,00,000 C Vesting requirements The options granted shall vest based upon the performance of the Employee, as may be determined by the Compensation Committee from time to time but shall not be less than 1 (one) and not more than 4 (four) years from the date of grant of options. Vesting may happen in one or more tranches. The options granted shall vest based upon the performance of the Employee, as may be determined by the Compensation Committee from time to time but shall not be less than 1 (one) and not more than 5 (five) years from the date of grant of options. Vesting may happen in one or more tranches. D. Exercise price or pricing formula The Exercise Price shall be based on the Market Price of the Company which shall mean the latest closing price on a recognised stock exchange on which the shares of the company are listed on the date immediately prior to the date of meeting of committee on which grant is to be made. If the Company is listed on more than one Stock Exchange, then the price of the Stock Exchange where there is highest trading volume during the aforesaid period shall be considered. The Compensation Committee has a power to provide suitable discount or charge premium on such price as arrived above. However, in any case the Exercise Price shall not go below the par face value of Equity Share of the Company. E. Maximum term of options granted The options granted under Scheme will vest over a period of Three years from the date of grant of options. Further the Options vested may be exercised by the Option Grantee within a maximum period of One Year from the date of last vesting of Options. Hence maximum term of Options granted is 4 years. The options granted under Scheme will vest over a period of Five years from the date of grant of options. Further the Options vested may be exercised by the Option Grantee within a maximum period of One Year from the date of last vesting of Options. Hence maximum term of Options granted is 6 years. F. Source of Shares Primary G. Variation in terms of options During the year, no amendment/ modification/ variation has been made in terms of options granted by the Company. Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 60

[Page 63] Sl. No Particulars Dixon ESOP 2018 Dixon ESOP 2020 2 Method used to account for ESOS Fair Value Method 3 Employee wise details of options granted during the year to: During the year no further stock options have been granted to the senior managerial personnel, including KMPs under the Dixon ESOP 2018. Stock options granted to the said employees in the year 2018 forms part of the Annual Report of the Company for the year 2018-19. Name of the Employee Designation Number of Options granted during the year Exercise Price (in J) Atul B Lall Vice Chairman & Managing Director (KMP) 40,000 7691.31 Saurabh Gupta Chief Financial Officer (KMP) 20,000 7691.31 Ashish Kumar Group Company Secretary, Compliance Officer, Head of Legal & H.R. (KMP) 14,000 7691.31 Pankaj Sharma President & Chief Operating Officer (Mobile & Security Devices) 20,000 7691.31 Abhijit Kotnis President & Chief Operating Officer (LED TV) 20,000 7691.31 Vineet Kumar Mishra President & Chief Operating Officer (Lighting) 20,000 7691.31 Rajeev Lonial President & Chief Operating Officer (Washing Machine) 16,000 7691.31 Kailash Sharma Vice President – Stores 2,000 7691.31 Any other employee who receives a grant in any one year of option amounting to 5% or more of option granted during that year None None Identified employees who were granted option, during any one year, equal to or exceeding 1% of the issued capital (excluding outstanding warrants and conversions) of the company at the time of grant None None Sl. No Particulars Dixon ESOP 2018 Dixon ESOP 2020 4 Weighted-average exercise price Grant 2018 Grant 2019 Grant 2020 Grant 2020 when the exercise price is equal/ exceeds to market price: Not Applicable when the exercise price is equal/exceeds to market price: Not Applicable when the exercise price is equal/exceeds to market price: Not Applicable when the exercise price is equal/exceeds to market price: Not Applicable when the exercise price is less than market price: H 1,864.80/- when the exercise price is less than market price: H 2,092.58/- when the exercise price is less than market price: H 7,171.56/- when the exercise price is less than market price: H 7,691.31/- Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements 61

[Page 64] Sl. No Particulars Dixon ESOP 2018 Dixon ESOP 2020 5 Weighted-average fair values of options Grant 2018 Grant 2019 Grant 2020 Grant 2020 when the exercise price is equal/ exceeds to market price: Not Applicable when the exercise price is equal/ exceeds to market price: Not Applicable when the exercise price is equal/ exceeds to market price: Not Applicable when the exercise price is equal/exceeds to market price: Not Applicable when the exercise price is less than market price: H 768.65/- each when the exercise price is less than market price: H 1,280.60/- each when the exercise price is less than market price: H 2,297.77/- each when the exercise price is less than market price: H 3774.13/- each 6 Description of the method and significant assumptions used during the year to estimate the fair value of options Fair Value Method (Black Scholes Model). Some of the basic assumptions used in the Black-Scholes model are – Markets are efficient: This assumption suggests that people cannot consistently predict the direction of the market or an individual stock. The Black-Scholes model assumes stocks move in a manner referred to as a random walk. Random walk means that at any given moment in time, the price of the underlying stock can go up or down with the same probability. The price of a stock in time t+1 is independent from the price in time Interest rates remain constant and known: The Black -Scholes model uses the risk-free rate to represent this constant and known rate. Returns are normally distributed: This assumption suggests returns on the underlying stock are normally distributed. Constant volatility- The most significant assumption is that volatility, a measure of how much a stock can be expected to move in the near-term, is a constant over time. While volatility can be relatively constant in very short term, it is never constant in longer term. Some advanced option valuation models substitute Black-Scholes constant volatility with stochastic-process generated estimates. Liquidity- the Black-Scholes model assumes that markets are perfectly liquid and it is possible to purchase or sell any amount of stock or options or their fractions at any given time. 7 Weighted-average values of share price Grant 2018 Grant 2019 Grant 2020 Grant 2020 The fair value is computed using the existing share price of the company, for which we have taken the closing market price of the previous trading day of the grant date at NSE i.e H 2,072/- per share. The fair value is computed using the existing share price of the company, for which we have taken the closing market price of the previous trading day of the grant date at NSE i.e H 2,989.40/- per share. The fair value is computed using the existing share price of the company, for which we have taken the closing market price of the previous trading day of the grant date at NSE i.e H 7,968.40/- per share. The fair value is computed using the existing share price of the company, for which we have taken the closing market price of the previous trading day of the grant date at NSE i.e H 9,048.60/- per share. 8 Exercise Price Grant 2018 Grant 2019 Grant 2020 Grant 2020 H 1,864.80/- H 2,092.58/- 7,171.56/- 7,691.31/- 9 Expected Volatility Grant 2018 Grant 2019 Grant 2020 Grant 2020 Vest 1; Vest 2 & Vest 3 is 36.37% Vest 1 & Vest 2 is 36.05% Vest 1 is 45.61% Vest 1: 47.88% Vest 2: 41.82% Vest 3: 41.14% Vest 4: 41.14% Vest 5: 41.14% 10 Expected Option Life Grant 2018 Grant 2019 Grant 2020 Grant 2020 The Options granted will vest over a maximum period of 3 years from the date of grant. The Options granted will vest over a maximum period of 2 years from the date of grant. The Options granted will vest over a maximum period of 1 year from the date of grant. The Options granted will vest over a maximum period of 5 years from the date of grant. 11 Expected Dividends Grant 2018 Grant 2019 Grant 2020 Grant 2020 The Dividend Yield is 0.06%. The Dividend Yield is 0.07%. The Dividend Yield is 0.09%. The Dividend Yield is 0.09%. 12 The risk-free interest rate Grant 2018 Grant 2019 Grant 2020 Grant 2020 Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 62

[Page 65] Sl. No Particulars Dixon ESOP 2018 Dixon ESOP 2020 The Risk free rate for first, second and third vesting is 7.65%, 7.65% and 7.68% respectively. The Risk free rate for first and second vesting is 6.08% respectively. The Risk free rate for first and second vesting is 4.19% respectively. The Risk free rate for first, second, third, fourth and fifth vesting is 3.93%, 4.42%, 4.82%, 5.17% and 5.45% respectively. 13 The method used and the assumptions made to incorporate the effects of expected early exercise Not Applicable, as options granted cannot be exercised before the vesting of option. 14 How expected volatility was determined, including an explanation of the extent to which expected volatility was based on historical volatility The volatility has been determined as the annualized standard deviation of the continuously compounded rate of return of the stock over a period of time. The Expected volatility has been based on the historical volatility for a period that approximates the expected life of options being valued. 15 Whether and how any other features of the option grant were incorporated into the measurement of fair value, such as a market condition No other features have been considered for valuation of the options. 16 Diluted EPS on issue of shares pursuant to Dixon ESOP 2018 & Dixon ESOP 2020 (Nominal value of share H 2) H 25.56 per share (Standalone basis) H 26.07 per share (Consolidated basis) OPTION MOVEMENT DURING THE YEAR UNDER DIXON ESOP 2018 AND DIXON ESOP 2020 Particulars Details of Dixon ESOP 2018 Details of Dixon ESOP 2020 Number of options outstanding at the beginning of the period 254950 Nil Number of options granted during the year 14500 300000 Number of options forfeited / lapsed during the year 16250 53170 Number of options vested during the year 143730 Nil Number of options exercised during the year 143730 Nil Number of shares arising as a result of exercise of options 143730 Nil Money realized by exercise of options (INR), if scheme is implemented directly by the company H 268585765 Nil Loan repaid by the Trust during the year from exercise price received Not Applicable Nil Number of options outstanding at the end of the year 109470 246830 Number of options exercisable at the end of the year 0 Nil Note: The aforesaid numbers are as per original grants. Pursuant to the approval of the shareholders accorded on March 7, 2021 vide postal ballot conducted by the Company, each equity share of face value of H 10/- per share was subdivided into five equity shares of face value of H 2/- per share, with effect from March 19, 2021, consequently, the numbers of stock options presented in this annexure stands adjusted effective 19th March, 2021. Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements 63

[Page 66] ANNEXURE-III FORM NO. MR-3 SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED MARCH 31ST, 2021 [Pursuant to Section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule 9 of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014] To, The Members, Dixon Technologies (India) Limited We have conducted the secretarial audit of the compliance of applicable statutory provisions and the adherence to good corporate practices by Dixon Technologies (India) Limited (hereinafter called the “Company”). Secretarial Audit was conducted in a manner that provided us a reasonable basis for evaluating the corporate conducts/statutory compliances and expressing our opinion thereon. Based on our verification of the Company’s books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and other records maintained by the Company and also the information provided by the Company, its officers, agents and authorized representatives during the conduct of secretarial audit, we hereby report that in our opinion, the Company has, during the audit period covering the Financial Year ended 31st March, 2021, generally complied with the statutory provisions listed hereunder and also that the Company has proper Board-processes and compliance-mechanism in place to the extent, in the manner and subject to the reporting made hereinafter: We have examined the books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and other records maintained by the Company for the period ended March 31st, 2021 to ascertain the compliances of various provisions of: a) The Companies Act, 2013 (the “ Act”) and the Rules made thereunder; b) The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 (the “SCRA”) and the Rules made thereunder; c) The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and Bye-laws framed thereunder; d) *Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the Rules and Regulations made thereunder to the extent of Foreign Direct Investment, Overseas Direct Investment and External Commercial Borrowings; e) The following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed under the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 (the “SEBI Act”): i) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011; ii) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015; iii) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018; iv) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits) Regulations 2014; v) *The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and Listing of Debt Securities) Regulations, 2008; vi) *The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2009; vii) *The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buyback of Securities) Regulations, 2018; viii) *The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Registrar to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents) Regulations, 1993 regarding the Companies Act and dealing with client; *Not applicable as there was no reportable event during the audit period. f) As confirmed by the management there are no laws which are specifically applicable to the Company. We have also examined compliance with the applicable clauses of the following: a) Secretarial Standards issued by The Institute of Company Secretaries of India. b) The Listing Agreements entered into by the Company with the BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited and SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. During the audit period, the Company has generally complied with the provisions of the Act, Rules, Regulations and Guidelines to the extent applicable, as mentioned above. We further report that: a) The Board of Directors of the Company is duly constituted with proper balance of Executive Directors, Non-Executive Directors Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 64

[Page 67] and Independent Directors. The changes in the composition of the Board of Directors that took place during the period under review were carried out in compliance with the provisions of the Act. b) Adequate notice is given to all directors to schedule the Board and other Committee meetings. Agenda and detailed notes on agenda were sent at least seven days in advance except for meetings of the Board which were convened at shorter notice in compliance with Section 173 of the Act wherein Independent Director(s) were present and detailed notes on agenda were provided at such meetings and a system exists for seeking and obtaining further information and clarifications on the agenda items before the meeting and for meaningful participation at the meeting. c) Majority decision is carried through in each such meetings of the Board and committees of the Board. Further during the course of audit, we have not come across the views of dissenting members recorded as part of the minutes. d) We further report that based on the information received and records maintained that there are adequate systems and processes in the Company commensurate with the size and operations of the Company to monitor and ensure compliance with the applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines. We further report that during the audit period following events occurred which had bearing on the Company’s affairs in pursuance of the above referred laws, rules, regulations, guidelines, standards etc: - The Company issued 1,43,730 equity shares of face value of H 10/- each under the Dixon Technologies (India) Limited- Employee Stock Option Plan, 2018. - The Board of Directors appointed Mr. Rakesh Mohan (DIN: 02790744) as an Additional Director of the Company in the capacity of Non-Executive and Independent Director with effect from February 02nd, 2021. - The Company approved sub-division of Equity shares from One (1) Equity Share having face value of H 10/- each (Rupees Ten Only) into Five (5) equity shares having face value of H 2/- each (Rupees Two Only) fully paid up w.e.f. March 19th, 2021, the record date. For Shirin Bhatt & Associates Company Secretaries Firm Registration No. S2011DE162600 Shirin Bhatt Place: Ghaziabad Proprietor Date: 27-05-2021 C.P . No. 9150 UDIN: F008273C000377994 M. No. F8273 PR No. 1209/2021 This Report is to be read with our letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure A and Forms an integral part of this report. Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements 65

[Page 68] Annexure-A To, The Members Dixon Technologies (India) Limited Our report of even date is to be read along with this letter. 1. Maintenance of secretarial records is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit. 2. We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness of the contents of the secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices, we followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 3. We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of the financial statements of the Company. 4. Wherever required, we have obtained the management representation about the compliances of laws, rules and regulations and happening of events etc. 5. The compliance of the provisions of the corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility of the management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis. 6. The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company. For Shirin Bhatt & Associates Company Secretaries Firm Registration No. S2011DE162600 Shirin Bhatt Proprietor C.P . No. 9150 Place: Ghaziabad M. No. F8273 Date: 27.05.2021 PR No. 1209/2021 Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 66

[Page 69] ANNEXURE-IV CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY REPORT (Pursuant to Section 135 of Companies Act, 2013) 1. Brief outline of the Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Policy Dixon Technologies (India) Limited (“Your Company”) has a value system of giving back to society and improving life of the people and the surrounding environment. Since its inception your Company has been a socially responsible corporate making investment in the community which goes beyond any mandatory legal and statutory requirements. Your Company believes in corporate excellence and social welfare. The Company’s CSR initiatives are inspired by the opportunity to contribute to a more secure and sustainable future. Your Company believes that the corporate strategy which embraces social developments as an integral part of the business activities ensure long term sustainability of business enterprises. With this belief, the Company is committed to make substantial improvements in the social framework of the nearby community. Your Company has a CSR policy in place, to identify the activities relating to areas identified under Schedule VII of the Companies Act, 2013, which aims to ensure that we continue to operate our business in an economically, socially and environmentally sustainable manner, while recognizing the interests of all stakeholders. During the financial year under review your Company focused on child education, eradicating hunger, welfare of helpless old people of the society and welfare of the citizen of the Society. The details are also provided on the website of the Company: https://dixoninfo.com/csr.php 2. The Composition of CSR Committee Pursuant to the provisions of Section 135 of the Act, the Board of Directors constituted the Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Committee. The Members of CSR committee are as follows: Sl. No Name of the Director Designation / Nature of Directorship Number of meetings of CSR Committee held during the year Number of meetings of CSR Committee attended during the year 1 Mr. Sunil Vachani Chairman 3 3 2 Mr. Atul B. Lall Member 3 3 3 Dr. Manuji Zarabi Member 3 3 3. Web-link where Composition of CSR committee, CSR Policy and CSR projects approved by the board are disclosed on the website of the company Composition: https://dixoninfo.com/board-committees.php CSR Policy: https://dixoninfo.com/json/dixon/codes-policy/ Corporate%20Social%20Responsibility%20Policy%20-%20 31.05.2021.pdf 4. Provide the details of Impact assessment of CSR projects carried out in pursuance of sub-rule (3) of rule 8 of the Companies (Corporate Social responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014, if applicable (attach the report). Not Applicable 5. Details of the amount available for set off in pursuance of sub-rule (3) of rule 7 of the Companies (Corporate Social responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014 and amount required for set off for the financial year, if any Not Applicable 6. Average net profit of the company us per Section 198 of the Companies Act, 2013 for last three financial years are as follows: (Amount in H) S.No. Financial Year Net Profit/(Loss) 1. 2019-20 1,47,67,89,962/- 2. 2018-19 83,65,01,499/- 3. 2017-18 83,91,99,494/- Average Net Profit 1,05,08,30,318/- 7. Two percent of average net profit of the company as per section 135(5) is J 2,10,16,606/- (a) Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programmes or activities of the previous financial years – Not Applicable. (b) Amount required to be set off for the financial year,- Not Applicable (c) Total CSR obligation for the financial year (7a + 7b - 7c). – J 2,10,16,606/- Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements 67

[Page 70] 8. (a) CSR amount spent or unspent for the financial year: Total Amount Spent for the Financial Year. (in J) Amount Unspent (in J) Total Amount transferred to Unspent CSR Account as per section 135(6). Amount transferred to any fund specified under Schedule VII as per second proviso to section 135(5). Amount. Date of transfer Name of the Fund Amount. Date of transfer. H 1,42,74,534/- NA NA Please refer Note below (b) Details of CSR amount spent against ongoing projects for the financial year: Not Applicable 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 Sl No. Name of the Project. Item from the list of activities in Schedule VII to the Act. Local area (Yes/No). Location of the project. Project duration. Amount allocated for the project (in J). Amount spent in the current financial Year (in J). Amount transferred to Unspent CSR Account for the project as per Section 135(6) (in J). Mode of Implementa tion - Direct (Yes/No). Mode of Implementation - Through Implementing Agency 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Sl No. Name of the Project. Item from the list of activities in Schedule VII to the Act. Local area (Yes/No). Location of the project. Amount spent for the project (in J). Mode of implementati on - Direct (Yes/No). Mode of Implementation - Through Implementing AgencyState District 1 Welfare of Senior Citizens Old Age Home - works for the welfare of helpless, old people of the society Yes NCT Delhi and Garhmukteswar, U.P . H 32,00,000/- (Rupees Thirty Two lakhs Only No Through Guru Vishram Vridh Ashram 2 Sanitization Drive Cleanliness Yes Noida. U.P . H 8,03,000/- (Rupees Eight Lakhs Three Thousand Only) No With approval of Noida Authority through contractor 3 Education to abled and disabled Imparting value based education and providing inclusive environment to abled and disabled and allow to work and play together Yes NCT Delhi H 16,00,000/- (Rupees Sixteen Lakhs Only) No Through Jan Madhyam 4 Child Education Imparting value based education Yes NCT Delhi H 21,00,000/- (Rupees Twenty One Lakhs Only) No Through Nav Abhiyan 5 Children Education Imparting value based education Yes Dehradun, Uttarakhand H 20,00,000/- (Rupees Twenty Lakhs Only) No Through Purkal Youth Development Society 6 Preventive Health care Preventive Health care Yes Noida, U.P . H 45,71,534/- (Rupees Forty Five Lakhs Seventy One Thousand Five Hundred and Thirty Four Only) No Through Noida Authority (c) Details of CSR amount spent against other than ongoing projects for the financial year: (d) Amount spent in Administrative Overheads - Not Applicable (e) Amount spent on Impact Assessment, if applicable - Not Applicable (f) Total amount spent for the Financial Year (8b+8c+8d+8e) – H 1,42,74,534/- (g) Excess amount for set off, if any – Not Applicable Note : The unspent amount of H 67,42,072 will be transferred to specified fund within the prescribed timelines. Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 68

[Page 71] Sl. No. Project ID. Name of the Project. Financial Year in which the project was commenced. Project duration. Total amount allocated for the project (in J) Amount spent on the project in the reporting Financial Year (in J). Cumulative amount spent at the end of reporting Financial Year. (in J) Status of the project - Completed / Ongoing. Sl. No. Preceding Financial Year. Amount transferred to Unspent CSR Account under section 135 (6) (in J) Amount spent in the reporting Financial Year (in J). Amount transferred to any fund specified under Schedule VII as per section 135(6), if any. Amount remaining to be spent in succeeding financial years. (in J) Name of the Fund Amount (in J). Date of transfer. 1 2020-21 NA NA NA NA NA 67,42,072/- Sl. No Particular Amount (in J) i. Two percent of average net profit of the company as per section 135(5) H 2,10,16,606/- ii. Total amount spent for the Financial Year H 1,42,74,534/- iii. Excess amount spent for the financial year [(ii)-(i)] Nil Iv Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programmes or activities of the previous financial years, if any Nil V Amount available for set off in succeeding financial years [(iii)-(iv)] Nil 1. (a) Details of Unspent CSR amount for the preceding three financial years: (b) Details of CSR amount spent in the financial year for ongoing projects of the preceding financial year(s): Not Applicable 10. In case of creation or acquisition of capital asset, furnish the details relating to the asset so created or acquired through CSR spent in the financial year (asset-wise details). Not Applicable (a) Date of creation or acquisition of the capital asset(s). (b) Amount of CSR spent for creation or acquisition of capital asset. (c) Details of the entity or public authority or beneficiary under whose name such capital asset is registered, their address etc. (d) Provide details of the capital asset(s) created or acquired (including complete address and location of the capital asset). 11. Specify the reason(s), if the company has failed to spend two per cent of the average net profit as per section 135(5). The Company is committed to focus on inclusive growth and improve lives by contributing towards communities around which it operates. This dedicated commitment towards inclusive growth is manifested through the Company’s CSR initiatives undertaken around the manufacturing facilities as well as across many places in India during the financial year 2020-21. The overall CSR Expenditure was H 1,42,74,534/- during the financial year 2020-21 as against gross amount required to be spent of H 2,10,16,606/-during the financial year 2020-21. During the financial under review, your Company endeavored to meet the budgeted expenditure by contributing in various eligible CSR activities, however considering the ongoing pandemic situation, the company could not spend the balance CSR Budget and same will be transferred to the funds specified under schedule VII of Companies Act, 2013 within prescribed timelines. Sd/- Sd/- Sunil Vachani Atul B. Lall Place: Noida (Chairman) (Vice Chairman & Date: 27th May, 2021 DIN:00025431 Managing Director) DIN:00781436 Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements 69

[Page 72] ANNEXURE-V BUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY REPORT Business Responsibility Report (“report”) is a disclosure mandated by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) and the National Voluntary guidelines (NVG) on Social, Environmental and Economic Responsibilities of Business released by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, India for the top 500 listed companies. Since these companies have funds raised from the public, it implies involvement of an element of public interest. The report is a tool designed to help these companies understand the principles and core elements of responsible business practices. The scope of this report is Dixon Technologies (India) Limited’s, (“Company”/ Dixon) Indian operations, including all businesses under its operational control. This Business Responsibility Report (BRR) is one of the avenues to communicate the Company’s obligations and performance to all its stakeholders for FY 2020-21. Section A - General Information Corporate Identity Number L32101UP1993PLC066581 Name of the Company Dixon Technologies (India) Limited Registered Address B-14 & 15 Phase-II Gautam Buddha Nagar Noida -201305 Website www.dixoninfo.com Email ID investorrelations@dixoninfo.com Financial Year reported April 1, 2020 –March 31, 2021 Sector(s) that the Company is engaged in (industrial activity code- wise) National Industrial Classification – Ministry of Statistics and Programme Implementation LED TV: 264 LED Bulb- 274 Washing Machine- 275 List three key products / services that the Company manufactures / provides (as in balance sheet) 1. TELEVISIONS 2. LED BULB 3. WASHING MACHINE Total number of locations where business activity is undertaken by the Company a. Number of International Locations (Provide details of major 5) b. Number of National Locations Manufacturing Locations: a. Nil b. The Company’s businesses and operations are spread across 16 locations in the country. Details of plant locations are provided in the Corporate Governance Report. Markets served by the Company - Local / State / National / International The Company has B2B business model. Details of Subsidiary of the Company As on 31st March, 2021, the Company has five subsidiary Companies- 1. Dixon Global Private Limited 2. Padget Electronics Private Limited 3. Dixon Electro Appliances Private Limited 4. Dixon Electro Manufacturing Private Limited 5. Dixon Technologies Solutions Private Limited 6. Dixon Devices Private Limited Details of the Company’s subsidiaries participating in BR initiativesThere is no direct participation of the Company subsidiaries in the BR initiatives of your Company Details of entities (suppliers and distributors, among others) that the Company does business with, who participate in the Company’s BR initiatives, along with the percentage of such entities (Less than 30%, 30-60%, more than 60%) There are no such Entities Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 70

[Page 73] Section B - Financial Details Paid up capital H 117138710/- (5,85,69, 355 Equity shares @ H 2/- each) Total turnover H 6,44,974.16 Lakhs Total profit after taxes H 15,978.51 Lakhs Total spending on Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) as percentage of average Net Profit of the Company for last 3 financial years. Refer Annexure IV of the Director’s Report on Corporate Social Responsibility (calculated as per Section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013) List of activities in which CSR expenditure as above has been incurred Please refer Annexure IV of the Annual report on Corporate Social Responsibility activities forming part of Director’s Report. Section C - Business Responsibility (BR) Information 1. Details of Directors/ Directors responsible for BR A. Details of Director / Directors responsible for implementation of BR policy/policies - DIN 00781436 - Name Atul B. Lall - Designation Vice Chairman & Managing Director B. Details of the BR head - Name Atul B. Lall - Designation Vice Chairman & Managing Director - Telephone No 0120-4737200 - E mail Id info@dixoninfo.com 2. Principle-wise (as per NVGs) BR Policy / policies (Reply in Y / N) P1. Ethics, Transparency and Accountability Y P2. Sustainable Products and Services Y P3. Employees’ wellbeing Y P4. Stakeholder Engagement Y P5. Protecting Human Rights Y P6. Reducing Environmental Impact Y P7. Responsible Policy Advocacy Y P8. Inclusive Growth & Equitable Development Y P9. Providing Value to Customers Y The responses regarding the above 9 principles (P1 to P9) are given below: Sl. No Questions P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9 1. Do you have a policy / policies for Principles Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y 2. Has the policy been formulated in consultation with the relevant stakeholders? Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y 3. Does the policy conform to any national / international standards? If Yes, specify? Yes, the policies are based on and compliant with the National Voluntary Guidelines on Social, Environmental and Economic Responsibilities of Business released by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs 4. Has the policy being approved by the Board? If yes, has it been signed by MD / Owner / CEO / appropriate Board Director? Yes, all the policies have been approved by the Board and have been signed by the Managing Director. 5. Does the Company have a specified committee of the Board/ Director / Official to oversee the implementation of the policy? No, the Company does not have any specified committee of the Board to oversee the policy instead the Board has appointed Mr. Atul B. Lall, Managing Director, to oversee policy implementation. Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements 71

[Page 74] Principle 1 - Businesses should conduct and govern themselves with Ethics, Transparency and Accountability 1. Does the policy relating to ethics, bribery and corruption cover only the Company? Does it extend to the group/Joint Ventures/Suppliers/ Contractors/ NGOs/ Others? Our Corporate Governance practices apply across the entire Dixon Group. Dixon has adopted the Code of Conduct which complies with all the legal requirements of the applicable rules and regulations including anti bribery and corruption & guides its employees and directors to conduct business in an ethical, responsible and transparent manner. It also covers all dealings with suppliers, customers and other business partners and other stakeholders. The Code forms an integral part of the induction of new employees. The Company has zero tolerance approach towards bribery and corruption. The Company ensures compliance of ethical standards by its vendors and contractors through appropriate clauses in its contracts to which they are obligated. The contracts include clauses in relation to anti-corruption law, confidentiality, human rights etc. The code of conduct is further supported by Vigil Mechanism, which is being governed by Whistle Blower Policy. Objective of the Policy is to establish no threat window whereby an individual, who is aware of any Protected Disclosure in the Company, is able to raise it to the appropriate channel as outlined in the policy, to ensure appropriate and timely institutional response and remedial action and offer protection to such individual from victimization, harassment or disciplinary proceedings. The Policy is directly monitored by the Chairman of the Audit Committee. It is a must for every employee in all of the business units/ subsidiaries to follow ethical professional conduct in their day to day activities. All employees have to read and understand the code of conduct and to abide by it. The Company also has policy for (a) Determining Materiality of Events and Information, to ensure disclosure of any event or information which, pursuant to SEBI regulations is material to determine whether an event or information is material or not and to ensure timely, accurate, uniform and transparent disclosure; and (b) Prevention of Insider Trading and protection of the unpublished price sensitive information. The copies of all the above mentioned policies are available on the website of the Company. Indicate the frequency with which the Board of Directors, Committees of the Board or CEO assess the BR performance of the Company? Within 3 months, 3-6 months, Annually, More than 1 year The Managing Director periodically assesses the BR performance of the Company for ensuring the effectiveness and relevance of BR initiatives. Does the Company publish a BR or a Sustainability Report? What is the hyperlink for viewing this report? How frequently it is published? Yes, the Company publishes the information on BR every year which forms part of Annual report of the Company. The same can be accessed on the website of the Company at www.dixoninfo.com Section D- Principle-wise Performance Sl. No Questions P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9 6. Indicate the link for the policy to be viewed online? www.dixoninfo.com 7. Has the policy been formally communicated to all relevant internal and external stakeholders? Yes 8. Does the Company have in-house structure to implement the policy/ policies? Yes 9. Does the Company have a grievance redressal mechanism related to the policy/policies to address stakeholders’ grievances related to the policy/ policies? Yes 10. Has the Company carried out independent audit / evaluation of the working of this policy by an internal or external agency? The Managing Director has carried out the independent evaluation of the working of the policy. 3. Governance related to BR: Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 72

[Page 75] 2. How many Stakeholders Complaints have been received in the past financial year and what percentage was satisfactorily resolved by the management? If so, provide details thereof, in about 50 words or so. The Company being in Manufacturing industry does receive client’s/customer’s queries/feedback which are duly attended to and addressed to satisfaction of the Stakeholders. Further, a total of 14 Investor complaints were received during the FY 2020-21 which have been duly addressed and satisfactorily resolved. Further, there were no cases of violation of the Company’s Code of Conduct in FY 2020-21. No case was reported under the Company’s Whistle Blower Policy during the year. The Company has ensured prompt public disclosure of unpublished price sensitive information in order to make such information generally available and is in compliance with the SEBI Insider Trading Regulations. Also, the investors/shareholders of the Company can submit their feedback , in the form of a survey, which will be available on the website of the Company under “investors’ section. Principle 2: Business should provide goods and services that are safe and contribute to sustainability throughout their life cycle 1. List up to 3 of your products or services whose design has incorporated social or environmental concerns, risks and/or opportunities Dixon is a company engaged in inter-alia manufacturing of the products in the consumer durables, lighting, home appliances, mobile phones and other electronic items in India. Also, each of our manufacturing facilities are non- polluting entities. Your Company aims to have negligible negative impact on the environment by working towards reduction and optimal utilisation of energy, water, raw material, logistics etc. by incorporating new techniques and innovative ideas. In order to reduce the industrialization impact, Your Company has adopted the Restriction of Hazardous Substances Directive (RoHS) process. Through this process, the Company restrict the use of six hazardous materials, including Lead (Pb), Mercury (Hg), Cadmium (Cd), Hexavalent Chromium (Cr6), Polybrominated Biphenyls (PBB) and Polybrominated Diphenyl Ether (PBDE), in the manufacturing of electrical and electronic devices. Also, your Company ensures that the amount of Carbon dioxide emissions in the atmosphere as a result of the business and production activities is minimum through its Carbon disclosure program. Under this program your company keeps a track of the carbon dioxide emissions from its business activities and takes appropriate actions wherever necessary to keep the carbon emissions to its minimum levels. This way your Company is also contributing a carbon footprint strategy in the organisation. 2. For each such product, provide the following details in respect of resource use (energy, water, raw material etc.) per unit of product (optional): (a) Reduction during sourcing/ production/ distribution achieved since the previous year throughout the value chain? (b) Reduction during usage by consumers (energy, water) has been achieved since the previous year? With a diverse portfolio of products, calculating our environmental performance per product poses unique challenges. Being a responsible company, we continuously track the consumption of the resources and strive to reduce the resource usage. The Company has taken efforts towards clean energy. As part of go-green initiative, your Company has installed solar roof tops panels to reduce dependency on non-renewable sources at its facility situated at Noida and the capital expenditure incurred for the same amounted to H 51.31 Lakhs during preceding financial year. This will also enable your Company to reduce costs and increase operational efficiency. The company has saved approximately H 12 Lakhs during the year on electricity consumption post installation of solar panel. The Company is careful of its water consumption and in this regard, the Company has taken measures towards waste water treatment. The Company, at its own cost and efforts, has commissioned Sewage treatment plants (STP) in few of our manufacturing facilities. The said STP plants are monitored and supervised on daily basis. With the help of the said STP plants, the Company is successful in treating the waste water and thereby reducing water consumption. 3. Does the Company have procedures in place for sustainable sourcing (including transportation)? (a) If yes, what percentage of your inputs was sourced sustainably? Also, provide details thereof, in about 50 words or so. The Company has developed supplier intimacy and goodwill which enables the Company to source quality raw materials even when there is scarcity of raw material in Market. We engage with local suppliers for sustainable sourcing. Adequate steps are taken for safety during transportation, which, in turn, help to mitigate the impact on climate Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements 73

[Page 76] 4. Has the Company taken any steps to procure goods and services from local & small producers, including communities surrounding their place of work? (a) If yes, what steps have been taken to improve their capacity and capability of local and small vendors? The Company’s criteria for selection of goods and services is reliability, quality and price. Regular assessments are made by the Company for the key suppliers and local vendors. The Company strives to obtain goods and services from the nearby local and nearby vendors. Frequent visits, if required are also arranged by the officials of the Company to the work stations of these local vendors for betterment of processes and quality of products. Moreover, the concerted efforts of the Company over the years have led to the creation of sustainable livelihoods for local people in the vicinity of its business units. 5. Does the Company have a mechanism to recycle products and waste? If yes, what is the percentage of recycling of products and waste). Also, provide details thereof, in about 50 words or so. The Company has set up Sewage Treatment Plants (STP)at its manufacturing facilities which re-cycle the Sewage/waste water generated from these manufacturing facilities. The Company has entered into an agreement with Greeniwa Recycler Pvt Ltd, a recycler for recycling and disposal of E-waste generated and with M/s Steam Oil & General Industries for disposal of hazardous oil waste during the manufacturing process. Appropriate treatment of the waste ensures that we send minimum waste to landfills. In the future, the Company will strive to continue the mechanism in all spirits. Principle 3: Businesses should promote the wellbeing of all employees 1. Please indicate the Total number of employees. Permanent: 1934 & Contractual: 13549 2. Please indicate the Total number of employees hired on temporary/ contractual/causal basis Contractual: 13549 3. Please indicate the number of permanent women employees 81 4. Please indicate the Number of permanent employees with disabilities The Company does not have any permanent employee with disabilities 5. Do you have an employee association that is recognized by management Yes, the Company is having employee associations/Worker Committee at 10 of its units consisting of minimum 8 members in each of such association 6. What percentage of your permanent employees is member of this recognised employee association? 25% 7. Please indicate the Number of complaints relating to child labour, forced labour, involuntary labour, sexual harassment in the last financial year and pending, as on the end of the financial year. The Company does not engage in any form of child labour/forced labour/ involuntary labour and does not adopt any discriminatory employment practices. The Company has a policy against sexual harassment and a formal process for dealing with complaints of harassment or discrimination. No complaint of Sexual Harassment was received during the year and the same was satisfactorily dispose by the Management of the Company. 8. What percentage of your under mentioned employees were given safety & skill up-gradation training in the last year? a. Permanent Employees 100% b. Permanent Women Employees 100% c. Permanent Women Employees 100% d. Employees with Disabilities 100% 0.09% employees hired on contractual basis Principle 4: Stakeholder Engagement We firmly believe that Stakeholder Engagement is critical for the sustainable growth of our business. We define our key stakeholders as individuals and organizations that affect or are affected by our business. We believe in maintaining an open, honest and clear communication with our stakeholders, recognising that our success and sustainability depends on their input and active involvement. 1. Has the company mapped its internal and external stakeholders? Yes/ No Yes, as a result of regular and extensive stakeholder engagement over many years, the Company’s business operations have evolved, balancing business priorities and responsibility towards economic, environmental and social sustainability. The Company builds trust through productive relationships, fosters working partnerships and considers stakeholders both internal and external as integral to its business. Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 74

[Page 77] 2. Out of the above, has the company identified the disadvantaged, vulnerable & marginalized stakeholders. The Company has employed Nil disabled persons (contractual basis). The Company has provided them with requisite training in connection to their work. 3. Are there any special initiatives taken by the company to engage with the disadvantaged, vulnerable and marginalized stakeholders? Dixon thinks beyond business and undertakes various initiatives to return to society what it takes from it. The Company believes that an effective stakeholder engagement process is necessary for achieving its sustainability goal of inclusive growth. The Company has under its various CSR initiatives has contributed to non- government organisations in support of their initiatives for under privileged child education, old age homes and disabled people. The details of such CSR Activities are specified in the CSR section of the Director’s report. Principle 5 – Human Rights: 1. Does the policy of the Company on human rights cover only the Company or extend to the Group/Joint Ventures/ Suppliers/ Contractors/ NGOs/Others? Dixon’s Code of Conduct is not only applicable to its employees but also extends to others who work with or represent Dixon directly or indirectly. The Company, on its own initiatives, is committed to comply with all human rights and follow it across all stakeholders associated with the Company. The Company does not employ any forced labour and child labour and is committed to promoting the general equality among the employees. Not only is the Company compliant with all the statutory laws and regulations, but it has grievance redressal mechanism in place for violations. Your Company also ensures that all the labour contractors abides the law of land and follow the labour laws as applicable to them. Your company also ensures that contractors strictly follow the norm of “No Child labour” or “No bonded labour” within its premises. 2. How many stakeholder complaints have been received in the past financial year and what percent was satisfactorily resolved by the management? Nil Principle 6 – Protection of Environment: 1. Does the policy related to Principle 6 cover only the company or extends to the Group/ Joint Ventures/ Suppliers/ Contractors/ NGOs/ others The Company’s environment, health and safety policy covers all the employees of Dixon Group and all the interested parties and public. 2. Does the Company have strategies/initiatives to address global environmental issues such as climate change, global warming, etc? If yes, please give hyperlink for webpage etc? The Company is vigilant of the emerging challenges like climate change, global warming and investing in measures that convert these challenges into opportunities.. Global environmental issues our addressed as a part of our business context and our moral duty towards the environment. With the production of energy efficient products, conservation measures, reducing dependence on limited resources, the Company not only reducing the burden on the environment, but also on its operational costs. The company has also installed solar plants at its units for production of electricity. The policy can be accessed using https://dixoninfo.com/json/dixon/codes-policy/business- responsibility-policy.pdf 3. Does the Company identify and assess potential environment risks? Y/N Yes. 4. Does the company have any project related to Clean Development Mechanism? If so, provide details therefor, in about 50 words or so. Also, if yes, whether any environmental compliance report is filed? The Company has adopted Carbon disclosure program. Under this program your company keeps a track of the carbon dioxide emissions from its business activities and takes appropriate actions wherever necessary to keep the carbon emissions to its minimum levels. 5. Has the Company undertaken any initiatives on – clean technology, energy efficiency, renewable energy, etc. Y/N. If yes, please give hyperlink for web page etc. The Company strives to adopt process improvement measures and invest in efficient technologies to reduce its impact on the environment. The details of initiatives taken for conservation of energy are given in Annexure- VI to the Board’s Report. 6. Are the Emissions/ Waste generated by the company within the permissible limits given by CPCB/ SPCB for the financial year being reported? The Company is in compliance with the applicable environmental laws and regulations. The Company’s emissions, effluents and waste are within Central and State Pollution Control Boards permissible limits. Yes, we comply with all applicable environmental legislations in the locations we operate in. Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements 75

[Page 78] 7. Number of show cause/ legal notices received from CPCB/SPCB which are pending (i.e. not resolved to satisfaction) as on end of Financial Year Nil Principle 7 – Responsible Advocacy: 1. Is your company a member of any trade and chamber or association? If yes, Name only those major ones that your business deals with. The Chairman of the Company, Mr. Sunil Vachani is an executive member of the Consumer Electronics and Appliances Manufacturers Association (CEAMA), 2. Have you advocated/ lobbied through above associations for the advancement or improvement of public good? Yes/No; if yes specify the broad areas (drop box: Governance and Administration, Economic Reforms, Inclusive Development Policies, Energy Security, Water, Food Security, Sustainable Business Principles, Others) Being a member of the CEAMA, Mr. Sunil Vachani upholds the production of energy efficient consumer durables and also commends usage of renewable sources of energy. Principle 8 – Inclusive Growth and Equitable Development: 1. Does the Company have specified programmes/ initiatives/ projects in pursuit of the policy related to Principle 8? If yes details thereof. The Company considers organisational success and welfare of communities as inter-dependent. It understands the importance of inclusive growth for developing the economy as a whole. The Company undertakes the initiatives through the CSR committee of the Board as per the CSR policy of the Company. The details of such initiatives form part of ‘Annexure IV of this report. 2. Are the programmes/projects undertaken through in-house team/own foundation/external NGO/ government structures/ any other organization? The CSR projects have been carried out by the Company by partnering with NGOs. 3. Have you done any impact assessment of your initiative? The Company assesses the impact of the CSR Projects and Programs undertaken at its Board and CSR Committee meetings. An update on the CSR project and programs is placed at the Board and CSR Committee meetings for their review and assessment 4. What is your company’s direct contribution to community development projects- Amount in Rupees and the details of the projects undertaken. For detailed information with regard to direct contribution and list of activities in which expenditure above has been incurred, please refer the Annual Report on Corporate Social Responsibility activities annexed to the Directors’ Report. 5. Have you taken steps to ensure that this community development initiative is successfully adopted by the community? Dixon’s CSR initiatives are rolled out with non-profit & Govt. organisations. Most of the projects involve community participation and are designed by NGOs with due consultation with the communities. This helps in increasing reach as well as ensuring the adoption of initiative by communities. Company’s Representatives track the reach and take necessary steps to make it successful. The Company’s representatives ensure that the initiatives so taken are providing the intended benefit to the community as desired. Principle 9 – Customer Value: 1. What percentage of customer complaints/consumer cases are pending as on the end of financial year. The Company follows a robust way of tracking its stakeholder’s complaints and focus has been to make it easy for the stakeholder’s complaints to be heard by the management. Also, the Company is into B2B business model, and therefore, the Company do not have direct link with the end consumers. 2. Does the company display product information on the product label, over and above what is mandated as per local laws? Yes, the Company displays such product information on its packaging as is mandated by law. The Company complies with the mandated requirements as per the local laws. 3. Is there any case filed by any stakeholder against the company regarding unfair trade practices, irresponsible advertising and/or anticompetitive behaviour during the last five years and pending as on end of financial year. If so, provide details thereof, in about 50 words or so. No cases were filed by any stakeholders against the Company regarding unfair trade practices, irresponsible advertising and/ or anti-competitive behaviour during the last five years. 4. Did your company carry out any consumer survey/ consumer satisfaction trends? The Company’s Business model is B2B. Customer feedback is gathered at the end of key customer interactions, during delivery of Manufactured product. The Company gathers the required information from the business partners with whom the Company carry out the business operations. The Company is not directly engaged with the end customers. Therefore the Company does not carry out any consumer survey/consumer satisfaction trends. Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 76

[Page 79] ANNEXURE-VI CONSERVATION OF ENERGY, TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION, FOREIGN EXCHANGE EARNINGS AND OUTFLOW a. Conservation of energy: Environmental sustainability is embedded in the Dixon Environmental policy which reflects that the Company pursues the path of Industrial development in harmony with the environment. As part of long term sustainability, your Company ensures that the products, packaging and operations are safe for employees, consumers, stakeholders and the environment. Your Company ensures this with a focus on technologies, processes and improvements that matter for the environment. As an organization, your Company is committed to the goal of sustainable and inclusive growth. As a manufacturer of electrical products, your Company has a special responsibility towards energy conservation. This is reflected in our product development efforts and process upgrades. Energy conservation has always been the top priority of your Company and it has recognized the importance of energy conservation in decreasing the harmful effects of Global Warming and climate change. Your Company’s manufacturing units are ISO 13845 medical device quality management, ISO 9001 quality management system, ISO 14001 Environment Management System, ISO45001, Occupational Health and Safety, In order to reduce the industrialization impact, Your Company has adopted the Restriction of Hazardous Substances Directive (RoHS) process. Through this process , the Company restricts the use of six hazardous materials, including Lead (Pb), Mercury (Hg), Cadmium (Cd), Hexavalent Chromium (Cr6), Polybrominated Biphenyls (PBB) and Polybrominated Diphenyl Ether (PBDE), in the manufacturing of electrical and electronic devices. Also, as part of our go-green initiative, the Company has installed solar roof tops panels to reduce dependency on non-renewable sources at its facility situated at Noida and the capital expenditure incurred for the same amounted to H 51.31 Lakh during the year FY 2019-20. This will also enable your Company to reduce costs and increase operational efficiency. The company has saved approximately H 11.72 Lakhs on electricity consumption post installation of solar panel. Also, your Company ensures that the amount of Carbon dioxide emissions in the atmosphere as a result of the business and production activities is minimum through its Carbon disclosure program. Under this program your company keeps a track of the carbon dioxide emissions from its business activities and takes appropriate actions wherever necessary to keep the carbon emissions to its minimum levels. This way your Company is also contributing a carbon footprint strategy in the organisation. Furthermore, your Company is careful of its water consumption and in this regard, your Company has taken measures towards waste water treatment. In this stride, your Company, at its own cost and efforts, has commissioned Sewage treatment plants (STP) in few of our manufacturing facilities. The said STP plants are monitored and supervised on daily basis. With the help of the said STP plants, your Company is successful in treating the waste water and thereby reducing water consumption. b. Technology absorption: The technology focus for your Company has been on process improvement for better quality, lower cost, new product development and import substitution. (i) Your company is committed to the cause of technology absorption with the state-of-the-art facilities that caters to the design and development of products under the various segments that the Company operates in; (ii) we have dedicated design houses and development centres across three locations out of which one is DSIR approved. (iii) For the LED TV segment, we have engineers working across Own design solutions & Technology advancement with the with the able support of various TV components such as Open cell, PCBA, BLU etc, this segment is steady on its path towards technological advancement; (iv) For our washing machines, technological absorption is ensured via the facility of Environmental Chamber under which various tests are classified as per the investigation requirements. We also possess the resource of an ELT Lab which has a capacity for 45 machines in Dehradun and 100 machines in Tirupati; (v) Pertaining to our lighting and mobile segment, we have taken decisive strides forward. In the smart bulbs, Dixon also has a global level R&D infrastructure for product testing and validation. For mobiles, the same approach exists and technology absorption is noted via Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements 77

[Page 80] Dixon’s certification as a member for Android product development, in-house reliability labs for product design, cost innovation teams as well as cooperation with recognized Test Labs for product testing and validation (vi) In case of imported technology (imported during the last three years reckoned from the beginning of the financial year)- Not Applicable (i) the expenditure incurred on Research and Development. (a) Capital H: 13,29 Lakhs (Previous year – H 61.10 Lakhs) (b) Recurring H: 389.56 Lakhs (Previous year – H : 405.56 Lakhs) (c) Total H: 402.84 Lakhs (Previous year – H : 466.66 Lakhs) (d) Total R & D expenditures as a percentage of total turnovers : 0.07% (Previous year – : 0.13%) c. Foreign exchange earnings and Outgo: The Foreign Exchange earned in terms of actual inflows during the year and the Foreign Exchange outgo during the year in terms of actual outflows as under: Foreign Exchange Outgo (H in Lakhs): Particulars 2020-21 2019-20 CIF VALUE OF IMPORTS GOODS 3,80,573.43 2,15,198.08 EXPENDINTURE IN FOREIGN CURRENCY 231.19 226.42 Total 3,80,804.62 2,15,424.50 Foreign Exchange Earnings (J in Lakhs): Particulars 2020-21 2019-20 Export (FOB Basis) - 545.50 355.74 By the order of the Board For Dixon Technologies (India) Limited Sd/- Sd/- Sunil Vachani Atul B. Lall (Executive Chairman) (Vice Chairman & DIN:00025431 Managing Director) DIN:00781436 Date: 27th May, 2021 Place: Noida Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 78

[Page 81] ANNEXURE-VII PARTICULARS OF EMPLOYEES The Nomination & Remuneration committee continuously reviews the compensation of our executive directors and other KMPs to align both the short term and long term business objectives of the Company and to link compensation with the achievement of goals. The details of remuneration to KMP including executive directors are in compliance with Companies (Appointment and Remuneration Managerial Personnel) Rules 2014. Table 1- Details of remuneration of each of the Whole Time Director, Managing Director to the median remuneration as per Sec 197(12) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with rule 5(1) of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration Managerial Personnel) Rules 2014 Name of Director DIN Title Remuneration in fiscal year 2021 (in J Lakhs) Remuneration in fiscal 2020 (in J Lakhs) % increase of remuneration in fiscal 2021 as compared to fiscal 2020 Ratio of remuneration to MRE Commission (in J Lakhs) Mr. Sunil Vachani 00025431 Whole time Director 218.52 242.60 (9.93%) 65.13 250.48 Mr. Atul B. Lall 00781436 Managing Director 191.92 178.29 7.64% 57.20 413.03 Name of Director DIN Remuneration fiscal 2021 (J in Lakhs)* Remuneration fiscal 2020 (J)* % increase of remuneration in fiscal 2021 over 2020 Ratio of remuneration to MRE Mr. Manoj Maheshwari 02581704 10.70 7.30 Not Applicable 3.19 Dr. Manuji Zarabi 00648928 11.40 8.20 Not Applicable 3.40 Ms. Poornima Shenoy 02270175 10.40 6.20 Not Applicable 3.10 Mr. Keng Tsung Kuo 03299647 9.35 1.00 Not Applicable 2.79 Dr. Rakesh Mohan 02790744 0.75 - Not Applicable 0.22 Name of KMP Title Remuneration in fiscal year 2021 (in J Lakhs)# Remuneration in fiscal 2020 (in J Lakhs)# % increase of remuneration in fiscal 2021 as compared to fiscal 2020 Commission (in J Lakhs) ESOP Perquisite value (J in Lakhs) Mr. Ashish Kumar Company Secretary 67.81 53.69 26.30% Nil 1003.66 Mr. Saurabh Gupta Chief Financial Officer 128.92 96.60 33.46% Nil 1452.42 MRE- Median remuneration of Employees Notes: The details in the above table are on accrual basis. For the purpose of comparison, remuneration for both fiscal 2021 and 2020 are given for the full year, except where specifically stated otherwise. Accordingly, the percentage increase and ratio of remuneration are computed on an annualized basis wherever applicable. For details of ESOP granted during the year, kindly refer Annexure II forming part of the Directors’ report. Table 2- Ratio of Remuneration of Non-Executive Directors/Independent Director MRE- Median remuneration of Employees *This remuneration include Sitting Fees paid to the Non-Executive/Independent Directors Dr. Rakesh Mohan was appointed as the Non-Executive Independent Director w.e.f 2nd February, 2021. Table 3- Percentage increase in the remuneration of the CFO and Company Secretary of the Company #Remuneration includes fixed pay, variable pay , reimbursement forming part of Cost to Company (‘CTC’). The details pertaining to stock options granted/vested to Mr. Saurabh Gupta and Mr. Ashish Kumar are provided in Annexure-II of Director’s Report Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements 79

[Page 82] Employee name Designation Age Nature of Employment Educational qualification Exp (yrs) Remuneration in fiscal 2021 (J)# (in Lakhs) ESOP Perquisite (J in Lakhs) % Equity Shares held Previous employment & designation Whether relative of any director of the Company Date of Commencement of employment Sunil Vachani Executive Chairman 52 Permanent Associate of Applied Arts in business administrations 29 469.00 Nil 33.82 - No 01/12/1993 Atul B. Lall Managing Director 59 Permanent Master’s degree in management studies 29 604.95 Nil 3.55 - No 01/12/1993 Abhijit Kotnis President & COO- Consumer Electronics 52 Permanent MBA in Marketing & Operations & B.E. in Electronics & Telecommunications 31 176.71 1226.69 0.09 Videocon Industries Ltd No 03/07/2018 Saurabh Gupta Chief Financial Officer 39 Permanent B.Com, CA, CS & MBA (MDI, Gurugram) 19 128.92 1452.42 0.27 PVR LTD No 19/09/2017 Vineet Kumar Mishra President & COO (Lighting Division) 45 Permanent Diploma in Electronics 27 394.79 Nil - Onida Savak Ltd No 05/02/2004 Ashish Kumar Group CS, Head - Legal & HR 41 Permanent B.Com, FCS, LL.B, EPBM-IIM(C) 19 67.81 1003.66 0.08 Narayana Hrudalaya Ltd No 06/03/2017 Muneesh Dhawan Vice President (Business Development) 57 Permanent PG in Marketing, Sales and Management 34 47.95 557.59 0.05 Samsung India Pvt. Ltd No 15/12/2015 Pankaj Sharma President- COO (Mobile & Security Division) 59 Permanent BA 31 97.39 Nil 0.12 PG Electronics No 25/03/2010 Rajeev Lonial President- COO (Home Appliances 58 Permanent PGD in Plastic Processing Technology 32 74.98 Nil 0.025 A G Peripherals No 21/07/2010 Kailash Chander Sharma Vice President 55 Permanent B.A. 36 47.34 Nil 0.07 Weston No 19/01/1994 (H in Lakhs) NAME OF THE NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR SITTING FEE COMMISSION TOTAL Dr. Manuji Zarabi 3.9 7.5 11.4 Ms. Poornima Shenoy 2.9 7.5 10.4 Mr. Manoj Maheshwari 3.2 7.5 10.7 Mr. Keng Tsung Kuo 1.85 7.5 9.35 Dr. Rakesh Mohan* 0.75 - 0.75 Total 12.6 30 42.6 Table 4 - Details of Remuneration to Non- Executive Director/Independent Directors *Dr. Rakesh Mohan was appointed as the Non-Executive Independent Director w.e.f 2nd February, 2021. Note: During the year, the Sitting fees for Board Meeting and Audit Committee Meeting has been revised to H 75,000 and H 25,000 respectively. No change in sitting fees for other Committees of the Board. Table 5 - Statement containing names of top 10 employees in terms of remuneration drawn #Remuneration includes fixed pay, variable pay, reimbursements forming part of CTC, incentive (if any), Commission accrued during the year (if any). Note: For details of ESOP granted during the year, kindly refer Annexure II forming part of the Directors’ report. Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 80

[Page 83] Table 6 - Details of Employees employed throughout the Financial year and in receipt of remuneration in the aggregate not less than 1.02 cr. Per annum Employee name Designation Age Nature of Employment Educational qualification Exp (yrs) Remuneration in fiscal 2020 (J)# (in Lakhs) ESOP Perquisite (J in Lakhs) % Equity Shares held Previous employment & designation Whether relative of any director of the Company Date of Commencement of employment Sunil Vachani Executive Chairman 52 Permanent Associate of Applied Arts in business administrations 29 469.00 Nil 33.82 - No 01/12/1993 Atul B. Lall Managing Director 59 Permanent Master’s degree in management studies 29 604.95 Nil 3.55 - No 01/12/1993 Abhijit Kotnis President & COO- Consumer Electronics 52 Permanent MBA in Marketing & Operations & B.E. in Electronics & Telecommunications 31 176.71 1226.69 0.09 Videocon Industries Ltd No 03/07/2018 Saurabh Gupta Chief Financial Officer 39 Permanent B.Com, CA, CS & MBA (MDI Gurugram) 19 128.92 1452.42 0.27 PVR LTD No 19/09/2017 Vineet Kumar Mishra President & COO (Lighting Division) 45 Permanent Diploma in Electronics 27 394.79 Nil - Onida Savak Ltd No 05/02/2004 Ashish Kumar Group CS, Head - Legal & HR 41 Permanent B.Com, FCS, LL.B, EPBM-IIM(C) 19 67.81 1003.66 0.08 Narayana Hrudalaya Ltd No 06/03/2017 Muneesh Dhawan Vice President (Business Development) 57 Permanent PG in Marketing, Sales and Management 34 47.95 557.59 0.05 Samsung India Pvt. Ltd No 15/12/2015 #Remuneration includes fixed pay, variable pay, reimbursements forming part of CTC, incentive (if any), Commission accrued during the year (if any). Note: For details of ESOP granted during the year, kindly refer Annexure II forming part of the Directors’ report Table 7 - Details of Employees employed for part of the Financial Year and in receipt of remuneration not less than J 8.5 Lakhs per month- There is no such employee in the Company who is employed for a part of the Financial year and was in receipt of Regular Remuneration/ C.T.C of not less than H 8.5 Lakhs per month. Table 8 - Details of employees employed throughout the Financial year or part thereof and was in receipt of remuneration, in aggregate or as the case may be, at the rate which, in the aggregate, is in excess or that drawn by the Managing Director or Whole time Director and holds by himself or along with his spouse and dependent children, not less than two percent of the equity shares of the Company – There was no such employee who was employed throughout the Financial year or part thereof and was in receipt of regular remuneration/ C.T.C. in aggregate or as the case may be, at the rate which, in the aggregate, in excess or that drawn by the Managing Director or Whole time Director and holds by himself or along with his spouse and dependent children, not less than two percent of the equity shares of the Company. Table 9 - Details of Employees posted outside India, not being Director or their relatives drawing remuneration more than J 60 lakhs per annum or J 5 Lakhs per month: There was no such employee in the Company posted outside India, not being Director or their relatives drawing remuneration more than H 60 lakhs per annum or H 5 Lakhs per month. By the order of the Board For Dixon Technologies (India) Limited Sd/- Sd/- Sunil Vachani Atul B. Lall (Executive Chairman) (Vice Chairman & Date: 27th May, 2021 DIN:00025431 Managing Director) Place: Noida DIN:00781436 Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements 81

[Page 84] MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Industry overview – EMS Electronics will always remain an integral part of the global manufacturing processes. India has given electronics and component manufacturing special attention through its progressive policies and regulatory framework. The Indian electronics industry is in a sweet spot because of the government’s initiatives such as Make-in-India, Aatmanirbhar Bharat & the de-risking of the global supply chain coupled with an increased adoption of the China+1 strategy worldwide & further momentum for domestic manufacturing aided by government schemes like Production linked incentive scheme, financial assistance for setting up Electronic manufacturing clusters & Scheme for Promotion of Manufacturing of Electronic Components & Semiconductors among others. Over the last 3 years the tariff structures in electronic imports have been rationalized & increased to promote domestic manufacturing in India & second to deepen the manufacturing ecosystem in India. The Govt policies moves are aimed at making Indian companies’ part of the Global supply chain at a time when International companies are looking at expanding their footprint beyond China & locating to other markets. India has already seen an influx of investments coming in to scale up manufacturing from both domestic and international companies & large capex is expected to come over the next 3-5 years in the electronics industry. India has the lowest penetration rates across consumer durables making it a lucrative destination for many global giants and domestic companies given the large domestic market, availability of low cost skilled & semi-skilled manpower, supportive government policies, and lower tax rates. Indian industry should see tremendous growth & increase in domestic value-addition across product segments (currently quite below the global average) with setting up of a components ecosystem, and scaling up of large-scale electronics manufacturing capabilities in the country Indian EMS Market size was approx. USD 6 Bn in FY20 & expected to touch USD 40 Bn by 2025 at a CAGR of 47% from 2020 to 2025. The factors which will push the industry’s growth to the next level: 1. Low penetration of products; much lower than the global average 2. Huge push from the government to become self-reliant (reduce import dependency) and to increase exports by introducing various schemes 3. Consumption in India to be serviced through the direct manufacturing route 4. Focus of brands on Branding & distribution & manufacturing is getting outsourced 5. Rising discretionary incomes 6. Evolving of physical and social infrastructure, better logistics, and an expanding e-commerce industry Covid 19 Impact The year gone by started with an unprecedented nation-wide lockdown due to pandemic which negatively impacted the economic activities across the globe. The electronics manufacturing industry has been severely impacted by the pandemic due to massive disruptions in the global supply chain. Countries around the world depend on China for supply of electronic parts but, after the Coronavirus outbreak, industry players faced supply chain issues. The pandemic has also highlighted the risks emanating from a single-source supply chain. Post relaxation of lockdown economic activities gradually started picking up from mid May 2020. Dixon, backed by manufacturing strength, robust supply chain management and strong distribution network made a strong come back and displayed strong financials in terms of top line, volumes, profitability & liquidity. The Company’s robust financial and operating performance despite COVID-19 induced restrictions and economic challenges is reflective of its inherent strengths and sound strategy. Company remained dedicated to the health and safety of our team members & continued to invest in policies and protocols to operate in the safest manner possible Consumer Electronics The television industry witnessed massive technological changes in the last ten years with the introduction of panel TVs that resulted in the phasing out of CRT TVs. Penetration of television in India is around 65% which still shows a wide scope in demand expansion. The market size in terms of revenue is estimated to be H 240 Bn in FY 20 & is expected to grow to H 322 Bn by FY23 at a CAGR of 10% & 15.5 Mn units in FY 20 to 21 Mn units in FY 23 at a CAGR of 10%. Migration to larger screens is one of the biggest trends that are being witnessed in the category. Dixon being the market leader in the LED TV manufacturing has the largest capacity of ~4.4 Mn Units p.a. which is which is the largest capacity in India capturing approx 30% of the Indian Market requirement. Product portfolios include 19 to 85 inches ATV, 2K, 4K UHD, Smart, Semi-smart, Android certified, Linux based TV with AIOT platform and voice control features. The company provides end to end solution including Auto Insertion, SMT, and LCM Module Assembly. The company is also strengthening its R&D for more & more own design solutions. Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 82

[Page 85] The company is further expanding its capacity to 5.5 Mn in FY 22 , the increased capacity will take care of 35% of Indian requirement. We have a total area of more than 400,000 sq feet in our integrated campus at Tirupati which is fully backward integrated & we are further investing in injection moulding unit to be self-sufficient in FY 22. The Consumer electronics segment is largest segment of the company, which contributed 60% of total revenue. The revenue was H 3,843 Crs in FY 21 as against H 2,095 Crs in the same period of last year, a robust growth of 83%. Operating profit witnessed a strong growth of 104%, from H 50 Crs in FY 20 to H 103 Crs in FY 21, up 104%. Dixon has marquee customers including both domestic & Global brands. The major customers in this segment are Xioami, Samsung, Hisense, VU, Nokia, Panasonic, TCL, Lloyd, Flipkart, Philips, Toshiba etc LED Monitors: We have got orders from largest Global brands for manufacturing of LED Monitors & the production is likely to commence from Q3, FY 22. The lines are expected to be installed by Aug’ 22 for creating a capacity of 1 mn LED Monitors. The expected annual volumes in year 1 will be in the range of 0.5 mn & we expect the order book to increase significantly in year 2 & beyond. The revenues & profitability numbers are being worked but we expect the margins to be in similar range as LED TV Lighting products India LED lighting market witnessed a surge in recent years on account of growing population and subsequent urbanization & the demand for an environment friendly and cost-effective lighting solution is also gaining traction. The Indian LED Lighting market reached a value of H 210 Bn in 2020 & expected to grow at a CAGR of 12.5% to H 300 Bn by FY 23. Dixon is the India’s largest ODM player in lighting business & have the largest variety of SKU’s. In LED bulb, we have a capacity of 300 mn p.a which is 50% of the Indian requirement, in Battens it is 5 mn/month (Total Indian requirement is 9 mn/ month) & 1.5 mn/ month in Downlighters (Total Indian requirement is 3 mn/ month). Almost all the brands in the Lighting business are on ODM basis & also a large % of their sales is being sourced from Dixon today. With the kind of volumes & range of product portfolio in the segment, the company is now globally competitive & among the top companies in the world as far as volume & cost competiveness is concerned. In FY 22, we are confident that we will have significant breakthrough in getting large account for export of LED bulbs The company has also developed outdoor lighting solutions and the product portfolio of streetlight will be launched in FY 22. The company will also participate in the PLI scheme announced for components of LED Lights which will create a robust components ecosystem in the country & will bring down the costs for finished products & thereby boosting exports. Lighting Segment contributed 17% of total revenue in FY 21, revenues was H 1,104 Crs in FY 21 as against H 1,140 Crs in same period last year and operating profit was H 97 Crs in FY 21 as against H 98 Crs in FY 20. The major customers in this segment are Signify, Panasonic, Wipro, Bajaj, Syska, Orient, Polycab, Luminous, Crompton etc Home Appliances Indian Washing Machines industry has been witnessing sustained and stable growth. Dual income families, growing disposable incomes, and paucity of time have been instrumental in driving the demand for Washing Machines. Penetration of washing machines in India is currently 12% implying high scope for growth. Washing Machine Market in India reached H 104 bn in 2020 and projected to grow at CAGR over 12% to reach H 146 bn by 2023. 90% ODM Business Revenue (Crs) 845 FY 16-17 FY 17-18 FY 18-19 FY 19-20 FY 20-21 1,073 1,194 CAGR: 46% 2,095 3,843 Revenue (Crs) 551 FY 16-17 FY 17-18 FY 18-19 FY 19-20 FY 20-21 774 919 CAGR: 19% 1,140 1,104 Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements 83

[Page 86] The company presently has 160 odd models & has the largest portfolio ranging from 6 kg -14 kg across the semi-automatic category & will undertake capacity expansion to 1.5 Mn from 1.2 Mn by Aug’22. The mass production for top loading fully automatic washing machine at Tirupati facility will commence in Q3, FY 22. The company will have 96 variants across 6 kg -10 kg category with an annual capacity of 6 lac units which is the largest product portfolio with any brand/ manufacturer. Home Appliance segment contributed 7% to the total revenue of the company, while the revenues were H 431 Crs in FY 21 as against H 396 Crs in FY 20, a growth of 9% but the operating profit was H 40 Crs in FY 21 as against H 46 Crs in FY 20, a de-growth of 14% due to due to margin pressure on account of the increased input prices The major customers in this segment are Samsung, Godrej, Voltas- Beko, Panasonic, Lloyd, Flipkart, Haier, Reliance etc. Mobile and EMS Division (Mobiles, Set top boxes & Medical Electronics) India is the world’s second-largest smartphone market with annual volumes of around 160m units. It is growing faster than the overall global smartphone market & all major smartphone makers are present in India. The Indian mobile phones market was valued at H 1.6tn in FY19-20 and is estimated to touch H 2 tn by FY 22-23 at a CAGR of 6%. The industry believes 5G will be the next big trigger for growth. Dixon has been a beneficiary of government PLI scheme & has already commenced production for Motorola smart phones in mid- march in the new factory in Noida & for Nokia smart phones in Feb, 21. The tie up with Motorola to manufacture smart phone is for both for Global & domestic markets & will do approx 65-70% of the ceiling revenues defined under the PLI scheme. In case of Nokia, the entire demand for Nokia for Indian market which will be done covering approx 20% of the celling revenues. The company is in active discussion with other customers & have started investing to increase the capacity to 15 mn smart phones annually in next couple of years for meeting the thresholds as against 3 mn as on today and we are confident of crossing the ceiling revenues in the respective years under the PLI . The company has already taken 5 acres of land in Noida & plan to make it a big integrated mobile phone manufacturing facility apart from its 3 existing facilities in Noida. Set Top Box As far as Set Top box business is concerned the company manufactured 21 lacs set top boxes mainly for Jio, Dish TV, Siti cable & reported revenues of H 156 cr with a 3%+ operating margin for the fiscal year ended & the order book in this vertical looks very healthy. Medical Electronics Dixon also forayed into medical electronics in FY 21 & manufactured Truelab™ Quattro Real Time Quantitative micro PCR Analyzer machines. These portable technology driven machines are capable of performing tests of critical infectious diseases including Covid-19. It was validated and approved by Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR). 100% ODM Business Revenue (Crs) 188 FY 16-17 FY 17-18 FY 18-19 FY 19-20 FY 20-21 250 374 CAGR: 23% 396 431 Revenue (Crs) 811 FY 16-17 FY 17-18 FY 18-19 FY 19-20 FY 20-21 670 355 537 840 Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 84

[Page 87] Security Systems The Indian security and surveillance market continues to witness tremendous growth due to the development of smart cities, need for better surveillance in cities, airports and manufacturing units & rise in the need of cyber security. With plans to develop more than 100 smart cities, government projects such as these are the biggest demand drivers for this segment. Indian CCTV market is expected to grow at a CAGR of 22.5 percent between 2020 and 2025. The company entered into Security surveillance system in 2017 through a JV with Aditya Infotech Ltd for manufacturing of security devices including CCTV, IP Cameras & DVR. “CP Plus”, trademark owned by Aditya Infotech Ltd is one of the leading industry players. Reverse Logistics This segment of the company involves repair & refurbishment of set top boxes, LED TV panels & mobile phones. Dixon is one of the few companies to have Panel Repairing and LED TV refurbishment facilities. This business is more strategic in nature, more to enhance the stickiness & provide end to end solution to the customers. The segment contributed H 13 crs & H 98 lacs in the overall revenue & operating profit respectively. Segment Overview & Financial Overview Verticals Product/Services Revenue Consumer Electronics LED TVs, AC PCB 83% YoY growth from 2,095 crores in FY 19-20 to 3,843 crores in FY 20-21 Home Appliance Washing Machines 9% YoY growth from 396 crores in FY 19-20 to 431 crores in FY 20-21 Lighting Products LED Bulbs, Battens, Downlighters etc 3% YoY degrowth from 1,140 crores in FY 19-20 to 1,104 crores in FY 20-21 Mobile Phones & EMS Feature & Smart Phones, PCB for Mobile Phones, Medical Electronics, Set top boxes 56% YoY growth from 537 crores in FY 19-20 to 840 crores in FY 20-21 Reverse Logistics Repair Services 14% YoY degrowth from 16 crores in FY19-20 to 13 crores in FY 20-21 Security Systems CCTV camera and Digital Video Recorders (DVRs) 1% YoY growth from 216 crores in FY 19-20 to 218 crores in FY 20-21 This segment contributed 3% in overall company revenue in FY 21, the 50% share of Dixon revenues was H 218 Crs as against H 216 Crs in the same period of last year. The operating profits of the segment was H 6.1 Crs against H 7.2 Crs same period of last year. Overall Mobile phone & EMS Division segment contributed 13% to overall company revenue in FY 21, The Revenue for FY 21 was H 840 Crs as against H 537 Crs in the same period of last year, up 56%. The operating profits of the segment was H 40 Crs against H 19 Crs same period of last year, up 107%. Revenue (Crs) FY 17-18 FY 18-19 FY 19-20 FY 20-21 49 112 CAGR: 64% 216 218 Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements 85

[Page 88] Financial Overview ODM % share in Revenue Particulars FY 21 FY20 Total Income (INR Crore)* 6,450 4,405 EBITDA (INR Crore)* 288 228 PAT (INR Crore)* 160 121 Net Debt equity ratio** (0.01) (0.02) Interest Coverage Ratio# 8.9 5.5 Current Ratio## 1.1 1.2 Debtor turnover days! 46 49 Inventory turnover days!! 26 43 Operating Profit Margin^ 4.4% 5.1% Net Profit Margin^^ 2.5% 2.7% Return on Net worth^! 25.0% 26.2% Years Consumer electronics Lighting Products Home Appliances FY 2021 5% 90% 100% FY 2020 6% 87% 100% FY 2019 9% 71% 100% FY 2018 6% 40% 100% FY 2017 12% 45% 100% ** (Long term borrowing + short term borrowing + current maturities less current investment, cash and bank balance)/ Total Equity # EBIT / Finance cost ## Current assets/ current liabilities ! Average receivables/ income from operations x 365 days !! Average Inventory/ Cost of goods sold x 365 days ^ Operating profit/Income from operation ^^ PAT/Income from operation ^! Net Profit / Average Shareholder fund Risk Globalization Risk The electronics industry of India faces tough competition by the electronic goods imported from China. Cheap imports from China will further pose a challenge in front of the electronics industry. Experience Experience matters the most when it comes to identifying the right opportunities for business of the company. It is also important to work in a direction that will help to capture the opportunity available. Industry Risk Industry risk is when the industry has a whole may reach at a stagnant or declining position. This risk will not only affect a particular company but it will also affect the industry in which company deals in. Client Concentration Risk Depending on limited number of clients for a majority share of the revenue poses a risk to the company. This risk is in terms of the fact that company may lose any of its key customers or a problem in the customer’s business may affect the company as well. Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 86

[Page 89] Regulatory Risk The business in which Dixon deals in, requires the company to obtain or renew permits and licenses in a timely manner. The failure to do so may poses a risk to the company’s revenue. Technology Risk The business in which Dixon deals in is affected with rapid change in technology. The company has to adopt dynamic changes in technology under electronics industry. The company has to be up to date with the rapidly changing technologies. Dixon has installed measures which lead to a cost-effective way of production. Moreover, the company’s aim to emerge as a cost-efficient player and attain cost leadership will help it mitigate any global economic risks. The company is in the electronics business since 1993, thus having an experience of over 25 years. Company’s senior management has an average experience of more than 20 years in the industry. This allows the company to capture the right opportunities at right time. Dixon is in the industry of electronics. With rise in standard of living of people, and a change in lifestyle electronics industry is expected to grow in the years to come. The industry may face a change in preference but it will never cease to exist. Dixon has successfully maintained a strong relationship with its key customers. Some of its customers are connected with the company since last 10-12 years. Also, Dixon is constantly expanding its customer base which will help it to deal with this risk. The company has made it sure to obtain or renew its licenses, permits, consents, and approvals from the government. This is being done in a manner so that Dixon’s approvals are not delayed and thus there is no effect on the operations of company. The company has always moved ahead with changing technology. Its R&D centers is equipped with the latest technology. Moreover, the company has expanded its product portfolio along with a change in technology in the market. For example, the company is planning to launch fully automatic washing machines to be in line with the change in technology. Internal Control System The Company has an effective and reliable internal control system commensurate with the size of its operations. At the same time, it adheres to local statutory requirements for orderly and efficient conduct of business, safeguarding of assets, the detection and prevention of frauds and errors, adequacy and completeness of accounting records and timely preparation of reliable financial information. The efficacy of the internal checks and control systems is validated by self-audits and internal as well as statutory auditors. Human Resource People remain the most valuable asset of your Company. Your Company follows a policy of building strong teams of talented professionals. Your Company continues to build on its capabilities in getting the right talent to support different products and geographies and is taking effective steps to retain the talent. It has built an open, transparent and meritocratic culture to nurture this asset. For more details refer initial section of the Annual Report. Outlook For outlook kindly refer the Director’s Report. Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements 87

[Page 90] CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT Company’s Philosophy on Code of Governance For Dixon Technologies (India) Limited (“Dixon/Company”), the philosophy of Corporate Governance focuses on creating and sustaining a deep relationship of trust and transparency with all stakeholders. Good corporate governance means adoption of best practices to ensure that the Company operates not only within the regulatory framework, but is also guided by broader business ethics. The norms and processes of Corporate Governance reflect our commitment to make timely disclosures and share accurate information regarding our financial and operational performance. Following are some of the principles which the Company follows towards philosophy of strengthening Corporate Governance structure at Dixon: a. Timely disclosures of all the material information pertaining to corporate, finance and operations to stakeholders. b. Adoption of statutory policies and compliance thereof in true letter and spirit c. Regular and timely meetings of various committees of the Board viz. Audit, Nomination & Remuneration Committee, Stakeholders Relationship, Corporate Social Responsibility, Risk Management Committee. d. Separate meeting of Independent Directors without the presence of Executive Directors/Non- Independent Directors e. A day long strategy meeting wherein all Business Heads present their strategy and annual operational plans before the Board to give them perspective and strategy of their businesses. f. Performance evaluation of Board, Board’s Committees, all Directors including Chairman and Managing Director. g. Rolled out Director’s handbook with an aim to help the Directors to attain and maintain a high standard of governance. Your Company has complied with the governance requirements of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘SEBI Listing Regulations’) and hereby presents the Corporate Governance Report for the financial year ended 31st March, 2021. This Corporate Governance Report outlines the key aspects of the Company’s governance framework and governance practices which are consistent with the SEBI Listing Regulations and other rules and regulations. Details of the key policies and practices are available on the Company’s website at www.dixoninfo.com. Board of Directors Company’s Board of Directors (“Board”) shapes the long-term vision and policy approach to steadily elevate the quality of governance in the Company. The objective is to emerge as a market leader in Electronic Manufacturing Industry with focus on creating greater value for all those who have a stake in the Company. Composition and Category of Board of Directors as on 31st March, 2021 In line with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof for time being in force (hereinafter referred to as “the Act”) and the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”), your Company’s Board has an optimum combination of exceedingly experienced Executive and Non-Executive Directors with more than two third of the Board comprising Independent Directors. SIZE AND COMPOSITION OF BOARD Category Name of Director Age Promoter and Executive Director Mr. Sunil Vachani 52 years Executive Director Mr. Atul B. Lall 59 years Independent Directors/ Non-Executive Directors Mr. Manoj Maheshwari 55 years Dr. Manuji Zarabi 73 years Dr. Rakesh Mohan 73 years Ms. Poornima Shenoy 56 years Mr. Keng Tsung Kuo 62 years Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 88

[Page 91] Your Company does not have any lead independent director considering each of the Independent Directors on the Board and highly experienced and distinguished in their own area of expertise/field. Each of the Independent Director are advocates of strong governance culture. Also, none of the Directors including Independent Director resigned from the Board of your Company. Attendance of Directors at Board Meeting(s) as on 31st March, 2021 During the period under review, 6 (six) Board meetings were held on 11th June, 2020, 4th August, 2020, 22nd August, 2020, 30th October, 2020, 2nd February, 2021 and 23rd March, 2021 as against the minimum requirement of four meetings in a year. The maximum time gap between any two consecutive meetings did not exceed 120 days. The agenda for each Board meeting is circulated in advance to the Board members. All material information is incorporated in the agenda facilitating meaningful and focused discussions in the meeting. Where it is not practicable to attach any document relevant to an agenda item, the same is tabled at the meeting. Also, due to the pandemic condition caused by covid-19 and pursuant to MCA circulars, meetings were held through video conferencing mode. Further, the minimum information required, as per Regulation 17(7) read together with Part A of Schedule II of the SEBI Listing Regulations is made available to the Board of Directors, for discussions and consideration at Board Meetings. The following table shows attendance of directors at Board meetings, attendance at last annual general meeting, number of shares held in the Company and number of other directorships, chairmanships / memberships of Board committees in various other companies as on 31st March, 2021 Name of Director No. of Board Meeting attended during the year Attendance at last Annual General Meeting Number of Shares held in the Company and Percentage No. of Other Directors- hips Name of the Listed entities where person is Director and category of Directorship No. of Membership(’s) / Chairmanship(’s) Of Board Committees in other Companies^ Chairperson Member Mr. Sunil Vachani 6 Absent 1,98,09,520; 33.82% 5 Dixon Technologies (India) Limited- Executive Chairman & Wholetime Director Nil Nil Mr. Atul B. Lall 6 Present 20,78,335; 3.55% 4 Dixon Technologies (India) Limited- Vice Chairman & Managing Director Nil Nil Dr. Manuji Zarabi 6 Present Nil 4 Dixon Technologies (India) Limited- Independent Director Nil Nil Ms. Poornima Shenoy 6 Present Nil 3 Dixon Technologies (India) Limited- Independent Director Nil 1 Mr. Manoj Maheshwari 6 Present Nil 2 Dixon Technologies (India) Limited- Independent Director Nil Nil Mr. Keng Tsung Kuo 6 Present Nil 2 Dixon Technologies (India) Limited- Independent Director Nil Nil Dr. Rakesh Mohan* 1 NA* Nil 3 a. Dixon Technologies (India) Limited- Independent Director b. Kirloskar Brothers Limited Independent Director Nil 1 *Dr. Rakesh Mohan was appointed as additional director in the capacity of Non- executive and Independent Director w.e.f 2nd February, 2021. ^In accordance with Regulation 26 of SEBI Listing Regulations, chairmanship/committee membership of Audit Committee and Stakeholders relationship Committee of other public limited companies only has been considered. Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements 89

[Page 92] All the Directors have made necessary disclosures regarding their directorships as required under Section 184 of the Act and the Committee positions held by them in other companies. None of the Directors of your Company’s Board hold the office of Director in more than 20 companies, including 10 public companies. As mandated by the Regulation 26 of the SEBI Listing Regulations, none of the Directors of your Company are members of more than ten Board level committees in public companies nor are they Chairman of more than five committees in listed companies where they are directors. Inter-se Relationship among Directors None of the Directors are related with other Directors of the Company. Independent Directors Your Company has a policy on Independent Directors, their roles, responsibilities and duties. The same are consistent with the SEBI Listing Regulations and Section 149 of the Act. It sets out the criteria of independence, age limits, recommended tenure, committee memberships, remuneration and other related terms of appointment which can be accessed at https://dixoninfo.com/json/dixon/codes- policy/Terms%20of%20appointment%20of%20Independent%20 Directors%20-%2027.04.2021.pdf. The Independent Directors of your company fulfill the criteria of Independence as specified in Regulation 16(1)(b) of the SEBI Listing Regulations read with Section 149 of the Act and rules made thereunder and they are independent of the Management of the Board. Independent Directors Databank Registration Pursuant to a notification dated 22nd October, 2019 issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, all Independent directors of the Company have completed the registration with the Independent Directors Databank. Requisite confirmations have been received from the Independent directors in this regard. Independent Directors Meeting None of the Independent Directors serve as Independent Director in more than 7 listed entities and in case of whole-time directors in any listed entity, they do not serve as Independent Directors in more than 3 listed entities. Pursuant to Section 149(8) read together with Schedule IV of the Act and Regulation 25(3) and 25(4) of SEBI Listing Regulations, separate meeting of Independent Directors was held on 23rd March, 2021 to review the performance of the Non-Independent Directors including the Chairman of the Board and performance of the Board as a whole. All Independent directors of your Company were present at the said meeting. Directors’ Induction and Familiarization Programmes The Board members are provided with necessary documents, reports and internal policies to enable them to familiarise with your Company’s procedures and practices. Periodic presentations are made at the Board and Committee meetings on business and performance updates of your Company and business strategy. During the year under review, such familiarisation programme was organised on 23rd March, 2021 wherein the Board of Directors were apprised about the functions, operations and financial positions/projections of the Company. Details of Familiarization programme imparted to Independent Directors is available at the following weblink: https://dixoninfo. com/json/dixon/codes-policy/Code%20for%20Independent%20 Director%20and%20familiarization%20programme_Final%20 -%2031.05.2021.pdf Also, the Corporate Affairs Department of your Company rolled out “Directors’ Handbook” with an aim to familiarize the new Director(s) of your Company with the Business and functions of your Company. The said Handbook comprehensively covers Directors’ role, responsibilities, duties and liabilities amongst others. This Handbook has been designed with an aim to help the Directors to attain and maintain a high standard of governance. Chart or Matrix setting out skills / expertise/competence of the Board of Directors The Board of your Company comprises of such individuals who bring in requisite skills, qualification, expertise and competence which is required on the Board and on Committees. The following are the core skills/expertise/competencies identified by the Board of directors as required in the context of its business(es) and sector(s) for it to functi on effectively along with the names of the Directors who possess such skills/expertise/ competencies as identified by the Board: Mr. Sunil Vachani Whole Time Director & Executive Chairman Qualification Associate of Applied Arts in Business Administrations Experience Over 29 years experience in the EMS industry Area of Skill/expertise/Competence Strategy and Planning Policy development Identification of Risk Government relations Marketing and Communication Business Experience Technology/ Digital skills/R & D Experience in Electronic Industry Identification of Challenges and providing solutions Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 90

[Page 93] Mr. Atul B. Lall Vice Chairman & Managing Director Qualification Master’s Degree in Management Studies from the Birla Institute of Technology and Science, Pilani Experience Nearly three decades of experience in the EMS industry Identification of Risk Technology/ Digital skills/R & D Area of Skill/expertise/Competence Strategy and Planning Policy development Application of Corporate Governance principles Marketing and Communication Business Experience Experience in Electronic Industry Identification of Challenges and providing solutions Dr. Manuji Zarabi Non-Executive & Independent Director Qualification Doctor of Philosophy from the Indian Institute of Science, Bangalore Experience He has over 30 years of experience and retired as Chairman cum Managing Director of Semi Conductor Complex Ltd, a Government of India Enterprise in August 2005. He was also a member of the working group on development of R&D and IP in electronics formed at DeitY. Area of Skill/expertise/Competence Government relations Technology/ Digital skills/R & D Experience in Electronic Industry Ms. Poornima Shenoy Non-Executive & Independent Director Qualification a) BA from Bangalore University and MBA from TAPMI, Manipal b) British Chevening Scholar for Women in Leadership and Management from the University of Bradford and c) Management Development Program at the University of Michigan at Ann Arbor. Experience Serial entrepreneur and an industry veteran and has 34 years of experience . Area of Skill/expertise/Competence Mr. Manoj Maheshwari Non-Executive & Independent Director Qualification CA,CS, Post Graduate Diploma in Business Administration Experience Over Three decades of experience in finance functions encompassing various aspects of finance and corporate functions including M&A, capital expenditure and fund raising as debt and equity. Area of Skill/expertise/Competence Strategy and Planning Strategy and Planning Identification of Risk Application of Corporate Governance principles Identification of Challenges and providing solutions Qualification and Experience in accounting and/or finance Business Experience Application of Corporate Governance principles Marketing and Communication Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements 91

[Page 94] Mr. Keng Tsung Kuo Non-Executive & Independent Director Qualification a) Master of Electrical Engineering from National Taiwan University b) Executive MBA from National Taiwan University Experience Over 30 years of rich and extensive experience in Business & Selling Strategy, Human Resource & Globalization Strategy, Change Management and Leadership & Management. Area of Skill/expertise/Competence Strategy and Planning Policy development Identification of Risk Marketing and Communication Business Experience Technology/ Digital skills/R & D Experience in Electronic Industry Identification of Challenges and providing solutions The skill areas in the matrix will be reviewed timely by the Board to ensure that the composition of skills on the Board remains aligned with Company’s stage of development and strategic direction. In the opinion of the Board, the Independent Directors of the Company fulfill the conditions specified in SEBI Listing Regulations and are independent of the management of the Company. Committees of the Board The Board Committees play a crucial role in the governance structure of your Company and have been constituted to deal with specific areas / activities which concern your Company and need a closer review. The Board Committees are set up under the formal approval of the Board to carry out clearly defined roles which are considered to be performed by members of the Board, as a part of good governance practice. The Board supervises the execution of its responsibilities by the Committees and is responsible for their action. The Chairman of the respective Committees informs the Board about the summary of the discussions held in the Committee Meetings. The minutes of the meetings of all Committees are placed before the Board for review. Details of the Board Committees and other related information are provided hereunder: A Audit Committee The primary objective of the Audit Committee is to act as a catalyst in helping your Company to achieve its objectives by overseeing the Integrity of your Company’s Financial Statements; Adequacy & reliability of the Internal Control Systems of your Company; Compliance with legal & regulatory requirements and your Company’s Code of Conduct; Performance of your Company’s Statutory & Internal Auditors. Audit Committee monitors and provides an effective supervision of the financial reporting process of your Company with a view to ensure accurate and timely disclosures with the highest level of transparency, integrity and quality. The powers, role and terms of reference of the Audit Committee are in line with the provisions of Section 177 of the Act and Regulation 18 read with Part C of Schedule II of SEBI Listing Regulations. The Audit Committee discharges such duties and functions as generally indicated under Regulation 18 read with Part C of Schedule II of SEBI Listing Regulations, prescribed under the Act and such other functions as may be specifically assigned to it by the Board from time to time. The Chairman of the Audit Committee was present at the last Annual General Meeting held on 29th September, 2020. Composition, Meetings and Attendance during the Year All the members of the Committee are Independent Directors. The composition of the Committee is in line with the requirements of section 177 of the Act and the SEBI Listing Regulations. Mr. Manoj Maheshwari, Chairman of the Committee has accounting and financial management expertise. All the Committee members possess sound knowledge of accounts, finance, audit, governance and legal Dr. Rakesh Mohan Non-Executive & Independent Director Qualification a) BSc (Eng) from Imperial College of Science & Technology, University of London b) a BA from Yale University c) MA and Ph.D. in economics from Princeton University Experience Five decades of rich and considerable experience in economic research, economic policy, public finance central banking, monetary policy, infrastructure and urban affairs Area of Skill/expertise/Competence Strategy and Planning Policy development Identification of Risk Identification of Challenges and providing solutions Government relations Application of Corporate Governance principles Qualification and Experience in accounting and/or finance Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 92

[Page 95] matters. Senior officials from the Accounts /Finance Department and representatives of Statutory and Internal Auditors are also invited to attend Audit Committee meetings. During the financial year 2020-21, 5 (Five) meetings of the Audit Committee were held on 11th June, 2020, 4th August, 2020, 30th October, 2020, 2nd February, 2021 and 23rd March, 2021. The details of the composition, meetings and attendance at the Audit Committee meetings are given hereunder: Details of Audit Committee Meetings held during the financial year ended as on 31st March, 2021: Name of Director Position in the Committee Designation Audit Committee Meetings entitled to attend Meetings Attended Mr. Manoj Maheshwari Chairman Independent Director 5 5 Ms. Poornima Shenoy Member Independent Director 5 5 Dr. Manuji Zarabi Member Independent Director 5 5 Name of Director Position in the Committee Designation Nomination and Remuneration Committee Meetings entitled to attend Meetings Attended Ms. Poornima Shenoy Chairperson Independent Director 5 5 Mr. Manoj Maheshwari Member Independent Director 5 5 Dr. Manuji Zarabi Member Independent Director 5 5 Mr. Sunil Vachani Member Executive Chairman 5 5 The Company Secretary of your Company acts as the Secretary to the Audit Committee. Brief Description of Terms of Reference The roles and responsibilities of the Audit Committee, inter alia, include the following: 1. Overview of the company’s financial reporting process and the disclosure of its financial information to ensure that the financial statement is correct, sufficient and credible; 2. Recommending to the Board the appointment, re- appointment, terms of appointment and, if required, the replacement or removal of the internal auditor, cost auditor and statutory auditors and the fixation of audit fees and remuneration; 3. Approval of payment to statutory, internal and cost auditors for any other services rendered by them, as applicable; 4. Reviewing the utilization of loans and/or advances from/investment by the holding company in subsidiary company exceeding H 100 crores or 10% of asset size of subsidiary, whichever is lower. B Nomination and Remuneration Committee The Nomination and Remuneration Committee (“NRC”) has been vested with the authority to, inter alia, recommend nominations for Board membership, develop and recommend policies with respect to Board diversity; developing a succession plan for our Board and senior management. The Role and the terms of reference of the NRC are in compliance with the provisions of Section 178 of the Act and Regulation 19 read with Part D of Schedule II of the SEBI Listing Regulations. The Chairperson of the NRC Committee was present at the last Annual General Meeting held on 29th September, 2020. Composition, Meetings and Attendance during the Year Composition of the NRC is in line with the requirements of section 178 of the Act and the SEBI Listing Regulations. During the financial year 2020-21, 5 (five) meetings of the NRC were held on 4th August, 2020, 22nd August, 2020, 30th October, 2020, 2nd February, 2021 & 23rd March, 2021. The details of the composition, meetings and attendance of the NRC are given hereunder: Details of NRC Meetings held during the financial year ended as on 31st March, 2021 The Company Secretary of your Company acts as the Secretary to NRC. Brief Description of Terms of Reference Terms of reference of the NRC, inter alia, include the following: 1. Formulation of the criteria for determining qualifications, positive attributes and independence of a director and recommend to the Board a policy, relating to the remuneration of the directors, key managerial personnel and other employees; 2. Reviewing the terms and conditions of services including remuneration in respect of managing director and submitting their recommendations to the Board; Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements 93

[Page 96] 3. Formulation of criteria for evaluation of performance of independent directors and the Board; 4. Identifying persons who are qualified to become directors and who may be appointed in senior management in accordance with the criteria laid down, and recommending to the Board, their appointment and removal and shall carry out evaluation of every director’s performance; 5. Recommend to the Board, all remuneration, in whatever form, payable to the senior Management. 6. Whether to extend or continue the term of appointment of ID on the basis of performance evaluation. Board Evaluation Process The Board had carried out an annual evaluation of its own performance and of its committees as well as the performance of each individual directors. Board Evaluation Criteria Feedback was sought based on the evaluation criteria approved by the NRC for evaluating the performance of the Board, its committees and individual directors. The Executive Chairman, Vice Chairman & MD and the Independent Directors were evaluated on the following parameters. 1. The Board – Board Administration, Overall Board Effectiveness, Governance and Compliance, Member Effectiveness, Ethics, Chairman, Board Committees, Meeting through Video Conferencing, Miscellaneous. 2. Board committees – Committee Effectiveness Component including the frequency of the meetings, the chairperson of the Committee, the time allotted for agenda items, proper agenda papers and other required documents, healthy debates and discussions, action taken points from the previous committee meetings, information flow, recommendations to the Board, etc. 3. Executive Directors – Attendance at the meetings, engagement with fellow Board members, employees, strategy making, risk management, management of the company and its employees during the ongoing pandemic situation etc. 4. The Chairman – Leadership of the Board, promoting effective participation of all Board members in the decision-making process, encouraging deliberations on important matters etc. 5. Independent Directors – Independence from the Company, exercising independent judgement in decision- making, contributing strongly to the objectivity of the Board’s deliberations based on their external expertise, attendance at meetings etc. In order to ensure confidentiality, the Board's evaluation was undertaken by way of a questionnaire through an online tool by an independent agency. All the directors participated in the evaluation process. The responses received from the Board members were compiled by an independent agency and a consolidated report was submitted by the agency to the Board through the Company Secretary. The evaluation report was also discussed at the meeting of the Board of Directors. The Board deliberated over the suggestions and inputs to augment its own effectiveness and optimise the individual strengths of the directors. The directors were satisfied with the Company’s standard of governance, its transparency, meeting practices and overall Board effectiveness. The suggestions from the previous Board evaluation, which included further strengthening the Board's effectiveness included, inter alia, institutionalising the process for oversight of affairs of subsidiary companies by the Board, increasing engagement with senior management and discussions on specific businesses and regions, etc., were implemented during the year. Succession Planning The NRC has reviewed the succession planning of top leadership positions in the Company. While undertaking said review the leadership competencies required for orderly succession planning was considered by the NRC. C Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee: The Board has constituted Stakeholder’s Relationship Committee pursuant to Section 178 of the Act and Regulation 20 of the SEBI Listing Regulations to look into the redressal of grievances of shareholders and other security holders, if any. The Committee overseas the resolution of grievances of the security holders of your Company including complaints related to transfer of shares, non-receipt of annual report or non- receipt of declared dividends. Composition, Meetings and Attendance during the Year The Composition of the Stakeholder Relationship Committee is in line with the requirements of section 178 of the Act and the SEBI Listing Regulations. During the financial year under review, 4 (four) meetings of the Stakeholder’s Relationship Committee were held on 11th June, 2020, 4th August, 2020, 30th October, 2020 & 2nd February, 2021. The details of the composition, meetings and attendance of the Stakeholder’s Relationship Committee are given hereunder: Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 94

[Page 97] Details of Stakeholders Relationship Committee Meetings held during the financial year ended 31st March, 2021: Name of Director Position in the Committee Designation Stakeholder’s Relationship Committee Meetings entitled to attend Meetings Attended Dr. Manuji Zarabi Chairman Independent Director 4 4 Mr. Sunil Vachani Member Executive Chairman 4 4 Mr. Atul B.Lall Member Vice Chairman & Managing Director 4 4 The Company Secretary of the Company acts as the Secretary to the Committee. Brief Description of Terms of Reference Terms of Reference of Stakeholder Relationship Committee, inter alia, include the following: 1. Collecting and analyzing reports received periodically from the Registrar and the Share Transfer Agent (“RTA”) on the following: a. Complaints regarding non-receipt of the shares, debentures, deposit receipt, declared dividend or interest; b. Complaints of investors routed by the SEBI or Stock Exchanges and others; c. Transfer, sub-division, consolidation, split, exchange, endorsement, transmission of share certificates and transposition of share certificates; d. Issue of share certificates, debenture certificates, duplicate share or debenture certificates in lieu of lost/ torn/ mutilated/ defaced certificates; e. Requests relating to de-materialization and re- materialization of shares; f. Requests relating to modes of paying the dividend i.e. through electronic clearing service, RTGS and issue of dividend warrant for dividend payment/ interest etc.; and g. Complaints related to allotment of shares, transfer or transmission of shares, debentures or any other securities, non-receipt of annual report and non- receipt of declared dividends or any other document or information to be sent by our Company to its shareholders. 2. To redress other grievances of shareholders, debenture holders and other security holders; 3. Scrutinizing other matters related to or arising out of shareholders/ investors services including preparation and approval of periodical reports. 4. Resolving the grievances of the security holders of the Listed entity including complaints related to transfer/ transmission of shares, non-receipt of annual report, non-receipt of declared dividends, issue of new/duplicate certificates, general meetings etc. 5. Review of the various measures and initiatives taken by the listed entity for reducing the quantum on unclaimed dividends and ensuring timely receipt of dividend warrants/annual reports/statutory notices by the shareholders of the Company. 6. Review of measures taken for effective exercise of voting rights by shareholders. 7. Review of adherence to the service standards adopted by the listed entity in respect of various services being rendered by the Registrar & Share Transfer Agent. Status of Complaints during FY 2020-21 The number of complaints received and resolved to the satisfaction of investors during the year under review and their break-up is as under: Particulars Number of Complaints Investor queries/complaints pending at the beginning of the Year -1st April, 2020 NIL Investor queries/complaints received during the Year 14 Investor queries/complaints disposed of during the Year 14 Investor queries/complaints remaining unresolved at the end of Year - 31st March, 2021 NIL Paperless communication with more than 96% of members having a registered e-mail address. No. of shareholders as on 31st March, 2020 No of shareholders as on 31st March, 2021 38,411 2,18,042 Also, from time to time, the Company has encouraged members, whose email id are not registered with the Company, to get the same registered in order to effectively communicate with them. Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements 95

[Page 98] Name of Director Position in the Committee Designation Corporate Social Responsibility Committee Meetings entitled to attend Meetings Attended Mr. Sunil Vachani Chairman Executive Chairman 3 3 Dr. Manuji Zarabi Member Independent Director 3 3 Mr. Atul B. Lall Member Vice Chairman & Managing Director 3 3 Details of the Compliance officer of your Company: Name: Mr. Ashish Kumar Designation: Group CS, Head-Legal & HR E-mail id: investorrelations@dixoninfo.com D Corporate Social Responsibility Committee The Corporate Social Responsibility Committee has been constituted in accordance with the requirements of the Act. The Committee recommends the Corporate Social Responsibility projects to be undertaken by the Company and also monitors its implementation status. The Company Secretary of the Company acts as the Secretary to the Committee. Brief description of terms of reference Terms of Reference of Corporate Social Responsibility Committee, inter alia, include the following: (a) Formulation and recommendation to the Board, a corporate social responsibility policy and subsequent amendments as required from time to time; (b) Ensuring that the corporate social responsibility policy shall include/ indicate the activities to be undertaken by the companies as specified in Schedule VII of the Companies Act, 2013 and the rules made there under, from time to time excluding the activities undertaken in pursuance of its normal course of business; (c) Monitoring the corporate social responsibility policy by instituting a transparent monitoring mechanism for implementation of the corporate social responsibility projects or programs or activities undertaken by the Company from time to time; (d) Recommendation of the annual budget for the corporate social responsibility activities of our Company in compliance with the relevant statutory provisions; E Risk Management Committee The provisions of Regulation 21 of the SEBI Listing Regulations became applicable on your Company w.e.f. 1st April, 2019. Therefore, the Board of Directors had constituted Risk Management Committee at its Meeting held on 24th May, 2019 to identify elements of Risk in different areas of operations and to develop plans to mitigate the risks. Composition, Meetings and Attendance during the Year Composition of the Committee is in line with the requirements of Regulation 21 of SEBI Listing Regulations. During the financial year under review, 1 (one) meeting of the Risk Management Committee was held on 22nd January, 2021. Mr. Atul B. Lall, Vice Chairman & Managing Director of your Company is Chairman of the said Committee. Mr. Manoj Maheshwari and Mr. Keng Tsung Kuo, Independent Directors are members of the said Risk Management Committee. All the members attended the meeting. The Company Secretary of the Company acts as the Secretary to the Committee. F. Executive Committee The Board has constituted the Executive Committee which undertakes matters related to day to day affairs of your Company. Details of composition of Executive Committee as on 31st March, 2021: Name of Director Position in the Committee Designation Mr. Sunil Vachani Member Executive Chairman Mr. Atul B. Lall Member Vice Chairman & Managing Director The Company Secretary of the Company acts as the Secretary to the Committee. Composition, Meetings and Attendance during the Year The Corporate Social Responsibility Committee has been constituted as per the provisions of the Act. During the Financial Year under review, 3 (Three) meetings of the Committee were held on 11th June, 2020, 30th October, 2020 & 2nd February, 2021. The details of the composition, meetings and attendance of the Corporate Social Responsibility Committee are given hereunder: Details of Corporate Social Responsibility Committee meetings held during the financial year ended 31st March, 2021: Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 96

[Page 99] H Share Allotment Committee The Board had constituted the Share Allotment Committee on 31st October, 2018. The said Committee is authorized for allotment of shares, in one or more tranches, to the employees of the Company pursuant to exercise of the options vested with them in accordance with the DIXON ESOP 2018. During the year under review, 3 (Three) meetings of the Share Allotment Committee were held on 6th November, 2020, 2nd December, 2020 and 18th February, 2021. Details of Share Allotment Committee Meetings held during the financial year ended as on 31st March, 2021: Name of Director Position in the Committee Designation Share Allotment Committee Meetings entitled to attend Meetings Attended Mr. Sunil Vachani Member Executive Chairman 3 0 Dr. Manuji Zarabi Member Independent Director 3 2 Mr. Atul B. Lall Member Managing Director 3 2 Mr. Manoj Maheshwari Member Independent Director 3 2 (H in Lakhs) NAME OF THE NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR SITTING FEE COMMISSION TOTAL Dr. Manuji Zarabi 3.9 7.5 11.4 Ms. Poornima Shenoy 2.9 7.5 10.4 Mr. Manoj Maheshwari 3.2 7.5 10.7 Mr. Keng Tsung Kuo 1.85 7.5 9.35 Dr. Rakesh Mohan 0.75 - 0.75 Total 12.6 30 42.6 Research and Development Committee The Board at its meeting held on 30th October, 2020, approved the constitution of Research and Development Committee to provide for more focus on innovative, design oriented and technology-backed solutions to leading domestic and international brands resting on the Company’s manufacturing capabilities. Composition, Meetings and Attendance during the Year The Research and Development Committee comprises of Dr. Manuji Zarabi, Independent Director who is the Chairman of the said Committee and Mr. Atul B. Lall, Vice Chairman & Managing Director as a member. During the year, the Research & Development Committee met once on 20th January, 2021. Both the members were present at the meeting The Company Secretary of the Company acts as the Secretary to the Committee. Remuneration of Directors Remuneration Policy Dixon’s Remuneration Policy aims at attracting and retaining high caliber talent. The Remuneration Policy, therefore, is market-led and takes into account the competitive circumstance of each business so as to attract and retain quality talent and leverage performance significantly. The Company adopts a comprehensive approach to remuneration in order to support a superior quality of personal and work life, combining both cash and non-cash components / benefits in a manner which judiciously balances short term and long term priorities. The policy can be accessed at the following Link: https:// dixoninfo.com/json/dixon/codes-policy/nomination-and- remuneration-policy.pdf. The elements of remuneration package of Executive Directors includes fixed and variable salary, Commission, contribution to provident fund, perquisites and allowances, reimbursement of expenses etc. Independent Directors are paid remuneration in the form of sitting fee and one time commission. Remuneration to Non-Executive and Independent Directors Remuneration to Non-Executive and Independent Directors for the financial year 2020-21 was as under: The Company also reimburses the out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Non-Executive and Independent Directors for attending the meetings. There were no pecuniary relationships or transactions of Non-executive and Independent directors vis-à-vis the Company during the Financial year 2020-21 other than the remuneration as detailed above. Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements 97

[Page 100] (H in Lakhs) Name of Director Fixed Salary Bonus / Performance Linked Incentive Sitting Fee Commission Stock Options TotalBasic Salary and allowances Perquisites Others Total Fixed Salary Mr. Sunil Vachani 213.07 5.45 - 218.52 - - 250.48 - 469.00 Mr. Atul B. Lall 187.40 4.52 - 191.92 - - 413.03 Note (3) 604.95 During the year 2020-21, the Non- Executive Directors of the Company had no pecuniary relationship or transactions with your Company. Also, at the Board Meeting held on 23rd March, 2021, the sitting fee payable to Directors for attending the Board Meeting was revised from H 20,000 per meeting to H 75,000 per meeting. Also, the sitting fee payable to members of Audit Committee was revised from H 10,000 to H 25,000 per meeting. The revised sitting fee was effective from 23rd March, 2021. The sitting fee for other committees of the Board remained unchanged. Remuneration to Executive Directors The shareholders at the Extra-Ordinary General meeting held on 5th May, 2017 appointed Mr. Sunil Vachani, Executive Chairman of your Company as the Whole Time Director, liable to retire by rotation for a period of five years effective 5th May, 2017 on certain terms and conditions including remuneration. The remuneration includes fixed and variable salary, Commission (if any), contribution to provident fund, superannuation, gratuity, perquisites and allowances, reimbursement of expenses etc. as applicable to the employees of your Company. At the said meeting dated 5th May, 2017, Mr. Atul B. Lall was re-appointed as Managing Director for a period of five years effective 5th May, 2017, liable to retire by rotation by the shareholders on certain terms and conditions including his remuneration comprising of fixed and variable salary, Commission (if any), contribution to provident fund, superannuation, gratuity, perquisites and allowances, reimbursement of expenses etc. as applicable to the employees of your Company. Furthermore, at the ensuing 28th Annual General Meeting of the Company, it is proposed to re-appoint the aforesaid Executive Directors i.e. Mr. Sunil Vachani and Mr. Atul B. Lall as Whole time Director and Managing Director, respectively. The details of remuneration paid to each of the Directors during the year ended 31st March, 2021 are given below: Details of Remuneration of Directors: Notes: (1) The amount of Commission is calculated on the profits of Financial Year ended 31st March, 2021 as per the Financial Statements thereto and the same shall be paid during the Financial Year ending 31st March, 2022. (2) The Commission calculated on the profits of Financial Year ended 31st March, 2020 as per the Financial Statements thereto was paid by the Company during the Financial Year ended 31st March, 2021 which was H 257.40 Lakhs and H 284.00 Lakhs for Mr. Sunil Vachani and Mr. Atul B Lall, respectively. (3) For details pertaining to ESOP granted during the year, please refer Annexure - II forming part of Director’s Report. Service Contracts, Notice Period, Severance Fee Your Company does not enter into service contracts with the Executive Directors as they are appointed/re-appointed with the approval of the shareholders for the period permissible under the applicable provisions of the Act, and/or SEBI Listing Regulations. Independent directors have been issued an appointment letter which prescribes that any Independent Director may resign from his office subject to reasonable written notice to the Board. The Company does not pay any severance fees or any such payment to the Directors. Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 98

[Page 101] General Body Meetings Annual General Meetings The date, time, location of Annual General Meetings held during last three years and the special resolutions passed there at are as follows: Details of Annual General Meetings Financial Year Date and Time Venue Special Resolution Passed 2017-18 25th July, 2018 at 03.00 P .M. International Trade Expo Centre Ltd., Hall-C, Expo Drive, A-II, Sector-62, Noida-201301 a. Authorisation to Board under Section 180(1)(c) b. Authorisation to Board under Section 180(1)(a) c. Approval of Inter-corporate loans, Investments, Guarantee or security and acquisition d. Approval of Dixon Technologies (India) Limited - Employee Stock Option Plan- 2018 (“Dixon ESOP 2018”) e. Grant of Stock options to the employees of subsidiary companies under Dixon Technologies (India) Limited - Employee Stock Option Plan- 2018 (“Dixon ESOP 2018”) f. Approval of Loans, Investments, Guarantee or Security under Section 185 of Companies Act, 2013 2018-19 31st July, 2019 at 11.00 A.M. International Trade Expo Centre Ltd., Hall-C, Expo Drive, A-II, Sector-62, Noida-201301 a. Re-Appointment of Mr. Manoj Maheshwari (DIN: 02581704) as Non-Executive and Independent Director for Second Term of 5 Consecutive Years W.e.f. 3rd May, 2020. b. Re-Appointment of Dr. Manuji Zarabi (DIN: 00648928) as Non-Executive and Independent Director for Second Term of 5 Consecutive Years W.e.f. 23rd February, 2020. c. Re-Appointment of Ms. Poornima Shenoy (DIN: 02270175) as Non-Executive and Independent Director for Second Term of 5 Consecutive Years W.e.f. 23rd February, 2020 2019-20 29th September, 2020 at 03.00 P .M. Held through Video Conferencing pursuant to General Circular Nos.14/2020, 17/2020 and 20/2020 dated 8th April 2020, 13th April 2020 and 5th May 2020, respectively, issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA Circulars”) and Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/ CMD1/CIR/P/2020/79 dated 12th May 2020 issued by the Securities and Exchange Board of India a. Variation in the terms of the Object of the public issue as stated in the prospectus of the company dated 11th September, 2017 b. To approve raising of funds in one or more tranches, by issuance of securities by way of private offerings, qualified institutions placements and or any combination thereof or any other method as may be permitted under applicable law for an amount not exceeding H 200 Crores c. Approval of Dixon Technologies India Limited - Employee Stock Option Plan- 2020 (“Dixon ESOP 2020”) d. Grant of Stock Options to the Employees of Indian Subsidiary Companies under DIXON Technologies India Limited – Employee Stock Option Plan, 2020 (“DIXON ESOP 2020”) Resolution Resolution Type Date of passing Resolution Sub-Division of Equity Shares having the face value of H 10/- per share to H 2/- per share Ordinary Resolution 7th March, 2021 Alteration of Clause V i.e. Capital Clause of the Memorandum of Association of the company Ordinary Resolution 7th March, 2021 Alteration under clause III - object clause of the Memorandum of Association of the Company Special Resolution 12th May, 2021 Resolutions passed through Postal Ballot conducted via Kfin Technologies Private Limited Note : No other Postal Ballot is proposed by the Company Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements 99

[Page 102] Procedure for E-voting In compliance with the provisions of Sections 108 of the Act, read with applicable rules, your Company provides electronic voting (e-voting) facility to all its members. Your Company engages the services of KFin Technologies Private Limited for the purpose of providing e-voting facility to all its members. Members can refer E-voting instructions provided in the Notice of Annual General Meeting. Members whose names appear on the register of members as on cut-off date i.e. 21st September, 2021 shall be eligible to participate in the e-voting. Participation and voting at 28th Annual General Meeting Pursuant to the General Circular numbers, 14/2020, 17/2020, 20/2020, 02/2021 issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs and Circular number SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD1/CIR/P/2020/79, SEBI/ HO/CFD/CMD2/CIR/P/2021/11 issued by SEBI, the 28th Annual General Meeting of the Company will be held through video- conferencing and the detailed instructions for participation and voting at the meeting is available in the Notice of the 28th Annual General Meeting. Extra-Ordinary General Body Meetings (including adjourned Meetings) during the FY 2020-21 Nil Means of Communication Results The Quarterly and Half-yearly/Annual financial results are forthwith communicated to the BSE Limited (the “BSE”) and National Stock Exchange of India Limited (the “NSE”), (both BSE and NSE are collectively referred as the “Stock Exchanges”) where the shares of your Company are listed, as soon as they are approved and taken on record by the Board of Directors. Additionally your Company’s quarterly/half yearly/ annual financial results are simultaneously published in ‘Business Standard- English and Hindi’ in accordance with SEBI Listing Regulations. Also they are also put up on your Company’s website at www.dixoninfo.com. The details of announcements of Quarterly results by your Company during the FY 2020-21 are as follows: Quarter ended Date of Board Meeting where Quarterly results were approved Date of Publishing in Newspaper (English And Hindi) 30th June, 2020 4th August, 2020 5th August, 2020 30th September, 2020 30th October, 2020 31st October, 2020 31st December, 2020 2nd February, 2021 3rd February, 2021 31st March, 2021 27th May, 2021 Tentatively 28th May, 2021 Website: Your Company’s website contains a separate dedicated section ‘Investors’ where shareholders’ information and official news releases pertaining to financial results etc., are available. Your Company’s Annual Report is also available in downloadable form on the website of your Company www.dixoninfo.com. Presentations made to Institutional Investors or to the Analysts Your Company hosts a quarterly conference call post declaration of quarterly/half yearly/annual results of your Company, along with the discussion on the performance of the different business divisions of your Company. This is followed by the question and answer session by the analysts/ investors logged into the conference call. Presentations made, if any, to the Institutional Investors/Analysts are hosted on the website of your Company, along with the Transcripts of the Investor/Analysts Calls/Meets hosted by your Company. Details of any scheduled Analysts Meet/Conference Call are usually intimated to the Stock Exchanges in advance. General Shareholder Information Annual General Meeting Day and Date : Tuesday and 28th September, 2021 Time : 11:00 a.m. Mode : Video Conferencing/Other Audio Visual Means (“VC/OAVM”) E-Voting dates: From 09:00 A.M. on 25th September, 2021 (Saturday) to 05.00 P .M. on 27th September, 2021 (Monday) Financial Year 1st April, 2020 – 31st March, 2021 Tentative Financial Calendar – for the Financial Year ending 31st March, 2022 Quarterly Results for the Quarters ending 30th June, 2021, 30th September, 2021, 31st December, 2021, 31st March, 2022 will be approved in the Board Meetings subject to finalization of the dates by the Board of Directors. Annual General Meeting for the Financial Year 2021-22 will be tentatively held between April-September, 2022. The Financial Results/statements for the FY 2021-22 will be published in Newspapers alongwith intimation to Stock Exchanges, BSE and NSE. Additionally, the same will be posted on the website of your Company at www.dixoninfo.com. Book Closure The dates of book closure are from 22nd September, 2021 to 28th September, 2021, inclusive of both days. Dividend Policy and Dividend details The Company has adopted Dividend Distribution Policy of your Company in terms of the requirement, of SEBI Listing Regulations. The Policy is available on the website of the Company under the weblink: https://dixoninfo.com/json/dixon/codes-policy/dividend- distribution-policy.pdf. Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 100

[Page 103] Also, the Company remits the payment of Dividend through online transfer and in cases where Bank details are not updated, the Dividend for those shareholders are paid through Demand draft which are immediately dispatched to the respective shareholders. As on 31st March, 2021 an amount of H 41,680 remains unclaimed by shareholders for the dividend declared during the FY 2017-18 to FY 2019-20. During the year under review, your company did not declare any dividend. The details of unpaid dividend along with due dates for transfer to IEPF are available at https://dixoninfo.com/unpaid-unclaimed- dividend-data.php Transfer to Investor Education & Protection Fund During the year, your Company was not required to transfer any amount to the Investor Education and Protection Fund. Listing Details At present, the equity shares of your company are listed on NSE Limited and BSE Limited . The annual listing fees for the Financial Year 2021-22 to BSE and NSE has been paid. Name of Stock Exchanges Stock/ Scrip Code BSE Limited, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street, Mumbai 400 001 540699 National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE), Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, Mumbai 400 051 DIXON Market price data, during each month (in H) Month BSE Sensex NSE Nifty 500 High Low High Low April'20 33,887.25 27,500.79 8,041.05 6,619.55 May'20 32,845.48 29,968.45 7,834.05 7,234.45 June'20 35,706.55 32,348.10 8,699.55 7,839.15 July'20 38,617.03 34,927.20 9,180.70 8,466.70 August’ 20 40,010.17 36,911.23 9,747.05 8,925.05 September'20 39,359.51 36,495.98 9,640.95 8,933.95 October'20 41,048.05 38,410.20 9,822.95 9,423.80 November'20 44,825.37 39,334.92 10,804.10 9,524.20 December'20 47,896.97 44,118.10 11,548.35 10,734.30 January'21 50,184.01 46,160.46 12,167.95 11,273.55 February'21 52,516.76 46,433.65 12,724.55 11,304.00 March'21 51,821.84 48,236.35 12,816.15 11,939.00 (in H) Month BSE NSE High Low High Low April'20 4,694.00 3,380.00 4696.00 3375.15 May'20 4,950.00 4,151.00 4955.00 4185.00 June'20 6,050.00 4,800.00 6080.00 4835.20 July'20 7,809.75 5,675.00 7800.00 5670.00 August’ 20 8,821.85 7,529.00 8824.00 7525.00 September'20 10,280.70 7,766.00 10289.50 7915.00 October'20 9,990.45 8,390.00 10000.00 8375.00 November'20 11,999.00 9,322.90 11988.00 9400.00 December'20 13,906.95 11,284.60 13909.85 11274.95 January'21 16,787.65 13,364.70 16786.00 13403.25 February'21 20,440.00 14,191.80 20448.00 14200.00 March'21 (Pre Split) 21500.00 18567.00 21499.00 18750.05 March’ 21 (Post Split)* 4588.00 3344.45 4457.70 3345.15 Stock Market Price Data *The Company has sub-divided its equity shares having face value of H 10 each to H 2 each w.e.f. 19th March, 2021. Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements 101

[Page 104] Performance in comparison to broad- based indices such as BSE Sensex, Nifty 500 Index *The Company has sub-divided its equity shares having face value of H 10 each to H 2 each w.e.f. 19th March, 2021 Declaration regarding suspension of securities The securities of your Company have not been suspended during the year. Company’s Registrar & Transfer Agent during the year: Your Company’s Registrars & Transfer Agents (“RTA”) for its share registry (both, physical as well as electronic) is KFin Technologies Private Limited having its office at Karvy Selenium, Tower B, Plot 31-32, Gachibowli, Financial District, Nanakramguda, Hyderabad, Telangana 500032, India. Distribution of Shareholding by size as on 31st March, 2021 Category (Amount) No. of Cases % of Cases Total Shares Amount % of Amount 1-5000 2,17,529 99.764724 67,11,097 1,34,22,194 11.458376 5001- 10000 152 0.069711 5,40,159 10,80,318 0.922255 10001- 20000 96 0.044028 6,78,585 13,57,170 1.158601 20001- 30000 47 0.021555 5,94,765 11,89,530 1.015488 30001- 40000 18 0.008255 3,22,616 6,45,232 0.550827 40001- 50000 28 0.012842 6,58,957 13,17,914 1.125088 50001- 100000 54 0.024766 20,76,161 41,52,322 3.544791 100001& Above 118 0.054118 4,69,87,015 9,39,74,030 80.224573 Total 2,18,042 100.00 5,85,69,355 11,71,38,710 100.00 Dematerialisation of Shares and liquidity: As on 31st March, 2021, 99.99978 % of shareholding of your Company was held in dematerialised form with National Securities Depository Limited and Central Depository Services (India) Limited. The International Securities Identification Number (“ISIN”) allotted to your Company’s Shares is INE935N01020. Outstanding GDR / ADR / Warrants or any convertible instruments, conversion date and likely impact on equity as of 31st March, 2021 Your Company does not have any outstanding GDR / ADR / Warrants or any convertible instruments as on 31st March, 2021. Dixon 500 400 450 350 300 250 200 150 100 50 0 BSE Apr’20May’20Jun’20Jul’20Aug’20Sep’20Oct’20Nov’20Dec’20Jan’21Feb’21Mar’21 Dixon 500 400 450 350 300 250 200 150 100 50 0 NSE Apr’20May’20Jun’20Jul’20Aug’20Sep’20Oct’20Nov’20Dec’20Jan’21Feb’21Mar’21 Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 102

[Page 105] Details of Public Funding Obtained: During the FY 2020-21, your Company has not raised any moneys by way of initial public offer or further public offer. Commodity Price risk or foreign exchange risk and hedging activities Exposure of the listed entity to commodity and commodity risks faced by the entity throughout the year: Not applicable Also, your company imports certain raw materials from various sources, for various products of the Company. Your Company actively monitors the foreign exchange movements and takes forward covers as appropriate to reduce the risks associated with transactions in foreign currencies. Details of foriegn currency exposure are disclosed in Notes forming part of financial statements of this Annual Report Details of utilization of funds raised through preferential allotment or qualified Institutions placement as specified under Regulation 32 (7A) of the SEBI Listing Regulations: The Company has not raised any funds through preferential allotment or institutional placement, therefore such Regulation 32(7A) is not applicable on your Company. Details of recommendation of Committees of the Board which were not accepted by the Board Nil- All recommendations of the Committees of the Board were duly accepted by the Board. Total fees for all services paid by the Company and its subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, to the statutory auditor and all entities in the network firm/network entity of which the statutory auditor is a part (H in Lakhs) Name of entity Fees paid during FY 2020-21 Dixon Technologies (India) Limited 28.17 Dixon Global Private Limited 3.85 Padget Electronics Private Limited 14.27 AIL Dixon Technologies Private Limited 3.47 Dixon Electro Appliances Private Limited 0.12 Dixon Electro Manufacturing Private Limited 0.12 Dixon Technologies Solutions Private Limited 0.12 Disclosure in relation to Sexual Harassment of women at workplace (prevention, prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013: a. Number of complaints filed during FY 2020-21: 0 b. Number of complaints disposed of during FY 2020-21: 0 c. Number of complaints pending as on end of the FY 2020-21:0 Plant Locations Following are the list of Manufacturing Facilities located PAN India, on consolidated basis: Plant location (Addresses) Products manufactured B-14 and 15, Phase II, Noida, Gautam Buddha Nagar, UP- 201305 LED bulbs, PCB assembly of Air conditioners B-17&18, Phase II, Noida, Gautam Buddha Nagar, UP- 201305 Mobile phones` C-33, Phase II, Noida, Gautam Buddha Nagar, UP- 201305 LED Bulbs B-45, Phase II Extension, Noida, UP- 201305 LED bulbs and parts Plot No. 6, Sector-90, Noida Mobile Phones A-163A, Sector – 80 Noida Lighting Products A – 23, Sector-60, Noida Mobile Phones Khasra No 1050, Central Hope Town, Selaqui Industrial Area, Dehradun, Uttarakhand LED bulbs, Battens, T-LEDs, Down Lighter, Ballast, etc. Plot No- C-3/1, Selaqui Industrial Area, Dehradun, Uttarakhand Washing Machines Plot No. 262M, Selaqui Industrial Area, Dehradun, Uttarakhand Backward integration of plastic parts and sheet metal components Khasra No. 261MIN, Central Hope Town, Selaqui, Dehradun, Uttarakhand-248197 Backward integration of plastic parts and sheet metal components Plot no 992/2, Selaqui Industrial Area, Dehradun, Uttarakhand LED bulb repairing Plot No. C-2/1, UPSIDC (SIDCUL), Industrial Area, Tehsil Vikas Nagar, Dehradun, Uttarakhand Washing Machine Shed No. 1 and 3, EMC II, Govindavaram, Chittoor- 517526 CCTVs and DVRs Shed No. 2, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 EMC II, Govindavaram, Chittoor- 517526 LED TVs & Reverse Logistics Plot No. 30&31, EMC II, Govindavaram, Chittoor- 517526 Washing Machine Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements 103

[Page 106] Shareholding related queries: General Correspondence KFIN TECHNOLOGIES PRIVATE LIMITED Karvy Selenium Tower B, Plot 31-32, Gachibowli, Financial District, Nanakramguda, Hyderabad, Telangana 500 032, India Toll free: 18003094001 E-Mail:einward.ris@kfintech.com DIXON TECHNOLOGIES (INDIA) LIMITED B-14 & 15, Phase-II, Noida, UttarPradesh-201305 Tel: 0120-4737200 Fax:0120-4737273 E-Mail: investorrelations@dixoninfo.com Website: www.dixoninfo.com Consolidation of folios and avoidance of multiple mailing In order to enable your Company to reduce costs and duplication of efforts for investor servicing, members who may have more than one folio in their individual name or jointly with other persons mentioned in the same order, are requested to consolidate all similar holdings under one folio. This would help in monitoring the folios more effectively. Members may write to the Registrar and Transfer Agent indicating the folio numbers to be consolidated. The address of RTA is given herein below: Address for correspondence: List of Credit Ratings A. You may refer Director’s Report for Credit ratings issued by ICRA during the FY 2020-21; B. Credit ratings for debt instruments or any fixed deposit programme or any scheme or proposal of the listed entity involving mobilization of funds, whether in India or abroad: Please refer Director’s Report Other Disclosures Material Related Party Transactions: Your Company’s major related party transactions are generally with its Wholly Owned Subsidiary and Joint Venture Companies. The related party transactions are entered into based on consideration of various business exigencies, such as synergy in operations. All the arrangements / transactions entered by your Company during the financial year with related parties were in the ordinary course of business and at an arm’s length basis. During the year under review, your Company had entered into contract/ arrangement / transaction with related parties which could be considered material in accordance with the materiality policy of the Company of related party transactions. For details on the Related Party Transactions please refer the notes to Financial Statements, forming part of the Annual Report. None of the transactions with any of related parties were in conflict with your Company’s interest. Your Company’s materiality Policy on Related Party Transactions is available on your Company’s website and can be accessed at https://dixoninfo.com/json/dixon/ codes-policy/related-party-transaction-policy.pdf. The required statements / disclosures, with respect to the related party transactions, are placed before the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors, on quarterly basis in terms of Regulation 23(3) of the SEBI Listing Regulations and other applicable laws for approval / information. Prior Omnibus approval is obtained for Related Party Transactions which are of repetitive nature. Further, as per Regulation 23(9) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, your Company has also filed the related party transactions on a consolidated basis as per the timelines specified under the said regulations. Details of non-compliance by your Company, penalties, and strictures imposed on the company by stock exchange or SEBI, or any statutory authority, on any matter related to capital markets There has not been any non-compliance, penalties or strictures imposed on your Company by the Stock Exchanges, SEBI or any other statutory authority, on any matter relating to the capital markets during the last three years. Vigil Mechanism / Whistle Blower Policy Your Company has adopted “Whistle Blower Policy” which provides a vigil mechanism for dealing with instances of fraud, mismanagement, unethical behavior, actual or suspected violation of the Company’s code of conduct. This Policy is your Company’s statement of values and represents the standard of conduct which all employees are expected to observe in their business endeavours. The Policy reflects your Company’s commitment to principles of integrity, transparency and fairness. Your Company hereby affirms that no Director/employee have been denied access to the Chairman of the Audit Committee. There was no complaint received through the said mechanism during the FY 2020-21. This Policy is overseen by the Audit Committee. Through the said Policy, Directors and employees can report concerns of unethical behavior, actual or suspected fraud or violation of your Company’s ‘Code of Conduct’. The said Policy provides adequate safeguards to the Whistle Blower against victimization. The Whistle Blower Policy has also been uploaded on the website of the Company at https:// dixoninfo.com/json/dixon/codes-policy/whistle-blower-policy.pdf. Also, during the year, the Company organised workshop/training programme for its employees and staff to create awareness on sexual harassment law. Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 104

[Page 107] Compliance with mandatory and adoption of non-mandatory requirements of the SEBI Listing Regulations Your Company has complied with mandatory requirement of the SEBI Listing Regulations. In compliance with the said Regulations, your Company has obtained a certificate from Practicing Company Secretary regarding compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance. The said certificate is annexed to this Report. Your Company has also adopted the non-mandatory requirements specified under Part E of Schedule II of SEBI Listing Regulations regarding direct reporting of Internal Auditor of your Company to the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. Also, certificate from Practicing Company Secretary has been obtained to the effect that none of the Directors on the Board of the Company have been debarred or disqualified from being appointed or continuing as Directors of the Company by the Board or Ministry of Corporate Affairs or any other Statutory Authorities. The said certificate is annexed to this Report. Weblink: a. Web link of Policy for determining ‘material’ subsidiaries is https://dixoninfo.com/json/dixon/codes-policy/policy-on- material-subsidiary.pdf and; b. Web link of Policy on dealing with related party transactions is https://dixoninfo.com/json/dixon/codes-policy/related-party- transaction-policy.pdf Non Compliance of any Requirement of Corporate Governance Report Your Company has not made any non- compliance of any requirement of Corporate Governance Report Confirmation of Compliance with the Corporate Governance Requirements Specified in Regulation 17 To 27 And Clauses (B) to (I) of Sub-Regulation 2 of Regulation 46 of Sebi Listing Regulations Your Company is in compliance with the requirements stipulated under Regulation 17 to 27 read with Schedule V and clauses (b) to (i) of sub-regulation (2) of Regulation 46 of SEBI Listing Regulations, as applicable, with regard to corporate governance. Compliance management The Corporate Affairs Department ensures that your Company conducts its businesses with high standards of compliance in legal, statutory and regulatory. Your Company has instituted an online legal Compliance Management System in conformity with the best Industry standards which gives the compliance status on real time basis. NSE Electronic Application Processing System (NEAPS): The NEAPS is a web-based application designed by NSE for corporates. All periodical compliance filings like shareholding pattern, corporate governance report, statement of investor complaints, among others are filed electronically on NEAPS. BSE Corporate Compliance & Listing Centre (the ‘Listing Centre’): BSE’s Listing Centre is a web-based application designed for corporates. All periodical compliance filings like shareholding pattern, corporate governance report, statement of investor complaints, among others are also filed electronically on the Listing Centre. SEBI Complaints Redress System (SCORES): The investor complaints are processed in a centralised web-based complaints redress system. The salient features of this system are: centralised database of all complaints by concerned companies and online viewing by investors of actions taken on the complaint and its current status. General Shareholders’ Information Disclosures with respect to demat suspense account/ unclaimed suspense account Your Company does not have any securities in the demat suspense account/unclaimed suspense account. General shareholder information required under regulation 36(3) of the SEBI Listing Regulations: Name of Director Mr. Sunil Vachani Mr. Atul B. Lall Dr. Rakesh Mohan Nature of Appointment Director liable to retire by rotation Director liable to retire by rotation Not liable to retire by rotation DIN 00025431 00781436 02790744 Date of Birth 27th November, 1968 5th January, 1962 14th January, 1948 Date of Appointment/ Re-appointment 15th January, 1993 30th June, 2000 2nd February, 2021 Qualification Degree of Associate of Applied Arts in Business Administration Master’s degree in management studies from the Birla Institute of Technology and Science, Pilani BSc (Eng) from Imperial College of Science and Technology, University of London (1969), a BA from Yale University (1971) and an MA and Ph.D. in economics from Princeton University Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements 105

[Page 108] Name of Director Mr. Sunil Vachani Mr. Atul B. Lall Dr. Rakesh Mohan Expertise in Specific area With nearly three decade of experience in the EMS industry About 30 years of experience in the EMS industry 5 (five) decades of rich and considerable experience in central banking, monetary policy, infrastructure and urban affairs Directorships in other Companies Unlisted Entity: • Padget Electronics Private Limited • Dixon Electro Appliances Private Limited • Dixon Electro Manufacturing Private Limited • Dixon Technologies Solutions Private Limited • AIL Dixon Technologies Private Limited • Dixon Devices Private Limited Listed Entity Dixon Technologies (India) Limited NIL Unlisted Entity: • Padget Electronics Private Limited • Dixon Electro Appliances Private Limited • Dixon Electro Manufacturing Private Limited • Dixon Technologies Solutions Private Limited • Dixon Devices Private Limited Listed Entity Dixon Technologies (India) Limited NIL Unlisted Entity: • CSEP Research Foundation • The Mahindra United World College of India Listed Entity • Kirloskar Brothers Limited • Dixon Technologies (India) Limited Membership / Chairman of Committees (other than your Company)* NIL NIL NIL Shareholding in the Company 19809520 equity shares (33.82%) as on 31st March, 2021 2078335 equity shares (3.55%) as on 31st March, 2021 NIL Relationships between directors inter-se Not related to any Director/Key Managerial Personnel of the Company Not related to any Director/Key Managerial Personnel of the Company Not related to any Director/Key Managerial Personnel of the Company * In accordance with Regulation 26 of the SEBI Listing Regulations, Chairmanship/Committee Membership of Audit Committee & Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee of other Public Limited Companies only has been considered. For more details kindly refer Annexure - A forming part of Notice. Regulation 34(3) compliance of SEBI Listing Regulations Your Company is in compliance with the disclosures required to be made under this report in accordance with the Act and regulation 34(3) read with Schedule V to the SEBI Listing Regulations. Company Registration details Your Company is registered in the State of Uttar Pradesh, India. The Corporate Identity Number (CIN) allotted to the Company by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) is L32101UP1993PLC066581. Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 106

[Page 109] Declaration for Affirmance of Compliance with Code of Conduct In compliance with Regulation 17 of the SEBI Listing Regulations and the Companies Act, 2013, the Company has framed and adopted a Code of Conduct for all Directors and Senior Management personnel. The code is available on the Company’s website www.dixoninfo. com. The Code is applicable to all Board members and Senior Management personnel of your Company. Pursuant to Regulation 26(5) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, all members of senior management have confirmed that there are no material, financial and commercial transactions wherein they have a personal interest that may have a potential conflict with the interest of the Company at large. Pursuant to Regulation 26(3) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, all the Board members and senior management of your Company as on 31st March, 2021 have affirmed compliance with their respective Codes of Conduct. A Declaration to this effect, duly signed by the Vice Chairman and Managing Director is as below: DECLARATION ON CODE OF CONDUCT Dixon Technologies (India) Limited is committed to conducting its business in accordance with the applicable laws, rules and regulations and with highest standards of business ethics. The Company has adopted a “Code of Ethics and Business Conduct” which is applicable to all directors, officers and employees. I hereby certify that the Board members and senior management personnel of the Company have affirmed compliance with the Code of Ethics and Business Conduct for the financial year 2020-21. For Dixon Technologies (India) Limited Sd/- Atul B. Lall (Vice Chairman & Managing Director) Date: 27th May, 2021 CERTIFICATE ON COMPLIANCE OF CONDITIONS OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE To The Members Dixon Technologies (India) Limited We have examined the compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance by Dixon Technologies (India) Limited (“the Company”), for the Financial Year ended March 31st, 2021, as stipulated under regulations 17 to 27 and clauses (b) to (i) of regulation 46(2) and Para C, D and E of Schedule V to the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”). The compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our examination was limited to procedures and implementation thereof, adopted by the Company for ensuring the compliance of the conditions of Corporate Governance. It is neither an audit nor an expression of opinion on the financial statements of the Company. In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, we certify that the Company has complied with the conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated under Listing Regulations for the year ended 31 March 2021. We further state that such compliance is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor the efficiency or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company. For Shirin Bhatt & Associates Company Secretaries Firm Registration No. S2011DE162600 Shirin Bhatt Proprietor Place: Ghaziabad C.P . No. 9150 Date: 27-05-2021 M.No. F8273 UDIN: F008273C000378049 PR No. 1209/2021 Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements 107

[Page 110] CERTIFICATE OF NON-DISQUALIFICATION OF DIRECTORS (pursuant to Regulation 34(3) and Schedule V Para C clause (10)(i) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015) To, The Members of Dixon Technologies (India) Limited B-14 & 15, Phase-II, Noida-201305 We have examined the relevant registers, records, forms, returns and disclosures received from the Directors of Dixon Technologies (India) Limited, having CIN L32101UP1993PLC066581 and having registered office at B-14 & 15, Phase-II, Noida-201305 (hereinafter referred to as ‘the Company’), produced before us by the Company for the purpose of issuing this Certificate, in accordance with Regulation 34(3) read with Schedule V Para-C Sub clause 10(i) of the Securities Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the verifications (including Directors Identification Number (DIN) status at the portal www.mca.gov.in) as considered necessary and explanations furnished to us by the Company & its officers, we hereby certify that none of the Directors on the Board of the Company as stated below for the financial year ended on 31st March, 2021 have been debarred or disqualified from being appointed or continuing as Directors of companies by the Securities and Exchange Board of India, Ministry of Corporate Affairs, or any such other Statutory Authority: S. No. Name of the Director DIN / PAN Date of Appointment 1. Mr. Sunil Vachani 00025431 15/01/1993 2. Mr. Atul Bihari Lall 00781436 30/06/2000 3. Mr. Manuji Zarabi 00648928 23/02/2017 4. Mrs. Poornima Shenoy 02270175 23/02/2017 5. Mr. Manoj Maheshwari 02581704 03/05/2017 6. Mr. Keng Tsung Kuo 03299647 12/04/2019 7. Mr. Rakesh Mohan 02790744 02/02/2021 Ensuring the eligibility for the appointment /continuity of every Director on the Board is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these based on our verification. This certificate is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficiency or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company. For Shirin Bhatt & Associates Shirin Bhatt Proprietor Place: Ghaziabad C.P . No. 9150 Date: 27-05-2021 M.No. F8273 UDIN: F008273C000378027 PR No. 1209/2021 Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 108

[Page 111] CEO / CFO Certificate To, The Board of Directors Dixon Technologies (India) Limited 1. We have reviewed financial statements and the cash flow statement of Dixon Technologies (India) Limited for the year ended 31st March, 2021 and to the best of our knowledge and belief: i. these statements do not contain any materially untrue statement or omit any material fact or contain statements that might be misleading; ii. these statements together present a true and fair view of the Company’s affairs and are in compliance with existing accounting standards, applicable laws and regulations. 2. There are, to the best of our knowledge and belief, no transactions entered into by the Company during the year which are fraudulent, illegal or violative of the Company’s Code of Conduct. 3. We accept responsibility for establishing and maintaining internal controls for financial reporting and we have evaluated the effectiveness of Company’s internal control systems pertaining to financial reporting. We have not come across any reportable deficiencies in the design or operation of such internal controls. 4. We have indicated to the Auditors and the Audit Committee: i. that there are no significant changes in internal control over financial reporting during the year; ii. that there are changes in accounting policies during the year on account of Ind AS adoption and the same have been disclosed in the notes to the financial statement; and iii. that there are no instances of significant fraud of which we have become aware. Sd/- Atul B.lall (Managing Director) Sd/- Saurabh Gupta (Chief Financial officer) Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements 109

[Page 112] Independent Auditor’s Report Report on the Audit of the Standalone Financial Statements Opinion We have audited the standalone financial statements of DIXON TECHNOLOGIES (INDIA) LIMITED (“the Company”), which comprise the balance sheet as at 31 March, 2021, and the statement of Profit and Loss including other comprehensive income, statement of changes in equity and statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the standalone financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies and other explanatory information. In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, the aforesaid standalone financial statements give the information required by the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) in the manner so required and give a true and fair view ¬in conformity with the Indian Accounting Standards prescribed under Section 133 of the Act read with the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015, as amended and other accounting principles generally accepted in India, of the state of affairs of the Company as at 31 March 2021,and profit and total comprehensive income, changes in equity and its cash flows for the year ended on that date. Basis for Opinion We conducted our audit in accordance with the Standards on Auditing (SAs) specified under Section 143(10) of the Act. Our responsibilities under those Standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Standalone Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Company in accordance with the Code of Ethics issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (“the ICAI”) together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the standalone financial statements under the provisions of the Act and the Rules thereunder, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the ICAI’s Code of Ethics. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. Key audit matters Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the standalone financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. We have determined the matter described below to be the key audit matter to be communicated in our report. To the Members of DIXON TECHNOLOGIES (INDIA) LIMITED Key audit matter How our audit addressed the key audit matter Derivative financial instruments The Company has entered into various foreign exchange forward contracts which are used to manage and hedge foreign currency exchange risks. The Company has reported net derivative financial liabilities at fair value of H 109.88 lakhs as at 31 March 2021. The Company’s accounting policy on derivatives is disclosed in note 2.23 and related disclosures are included in note 40. The financial instruments are measured at fair value through profit and loss account. The fair value of the derivative financial instruments is based on year-end quotes received from counterparty banks. In respect of designated hedging relationships, the Company measures the effectiveness thereof using valuation models, such as hypothetical derivative method. Testing the fair valuation of derivative instruments and effectiveness of hedging relationships, where applicable, are complex exercises and hence required substantial involvement of senior personnel on the audit engagement with relevant experience. We assessed the design and implementation and tested the operating effectiveness of the key controls over management’s processes for valuation of derivative financial instruments. Our audit procedures included, but were not limited to, the following substantive procedures: • Obtained independent direct confirmations from banks to confirm the outstanding financial instruments to verify existence and rights. • Reviewed the hedging strategy of the Company, economic relationship and hedge ratio between hedged items and hedging instruments to assess the hedge effectiveness of derivative contracts to the extent hedge accounting is applied. • Inspected the underlying agreements and deal confirmations for the derivatives. • Assessed whether the accounting policy is consistent with the requirements of Ind AS 109 ‘Financial Instruments’. • Evaluated the appropriateness of disclosures in relation to financial risk management, derivative financial instruments and hedge accounting. Description of the Key audit matter Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 110

[Page 113] Other Information Information Other than the Standalone Financial Statements and Auditor’s Report thereon • The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises of the information included in Director’s Report, Management Discussions and Analysis (MD&A) and Corporate Governance Report, but does not include the financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon, which we obtained on the date of this auditor’s report. • Our opinion on the standalone financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon. • In connection with our audit of the standalone financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the standalone financial statements or our knowledge obtained during the course of our audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. • If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard. Management’s Responsibility for the Standalone Financial Statements The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the matters stated in Section 134(5) of the Act with respect to the preparation of these standalone financial statements that give a true and fair view of the financial position, financial performance, total comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows of the Company in accordance with the accounting principles generally accepted in India, including the Indian Accounting Standards specified under Section 133 of the Act. This responsibility also includes maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance with the provisions of the Act for safeguarding of the assets of the Company and for preventing and detecting frauds and other irregularities; selection and application of appropriate accounting policies; making judgments and estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls, that were operating effectively for ensuring the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, relevant to the preparation and presentation of the financial statements that give a true and fair view and are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. In preparing the standalone financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless management either intends to liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so. The Board of Director is also responsible for overseeing the Company’s financial reporting process. Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Standalone Financial Statements Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the standalone financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with SAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these standalone financial statements. As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit. We also: • Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the standalone financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control. • Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances. Under Section 143(3)(i) of the Act, we are also responsible for expressing our opinion on whether the Company has adequate internal financial controls system in place and the operating effectiveness of such controls. • Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by management. • Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists Key audit matter How our audit addressed the key audit matter Accordingly, valuation of the derivative financial instruments and hedge accounting is determined to be a key audit matter. We have also obtained written representations from management on whether the significant assumptions used in valuation of derivatives are considered reasonable. Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements 111

[Page 114] related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the standalone financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Company to cease to continue as a going concern. • Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the standalone financial statements, including the disclosures, and whether the standalone financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation. We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit. We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards. From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the standalone financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication. Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements 1. As required by the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 2016 (“the Order”), issued by the Central Government of India in terms of sub-section (11) of Section 143 of the Act, we give in the “Annexure A”, a statement on the matters specified in paragraphs 3 and 4 of the Order, to the extent applicable. 2. As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, we report that: (a) We have sought and obtained all the information and explanations which to the best of our knowledge and belief were necessary for the purposes of our audit. (b) In our opinion, proper books of account as required by law have been kept by the Company so far as it appears from our examination of those books. (c) The Balance Sheet, the Statement of Profit and Loss including Other Comprehensive Income, Statement of Changes in Equity and the Statement of Cash Flow dealt with by this Report are in agreement with the books of account. (d) In our opinion, the aforesaid standalone financial statements comply with the Indian Accounting Standards (‘Ind AS’) specified under Section 133 of the Act, read with Rule 7 of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014. (e) On the basis of the written representations received from the directors as on 31 March, 2021 taken on record by the Board of Directors, none of the directors is disqualified as on 31 March, 2021 from being appointed as a director in terms of Section 164 (2) of the Act. (f) With respect to the adequacy of the internal financial controls with reference to standalone financial statements of the Company and the operating effectiveness of such controls, refer to our separate Report in “Annexure B”. (g) With respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditor’s Report in accordance with the requirements of Section 197(16) of the Act, as amended; in our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, the remuneration paid by the Company to its directors during the year is in accordance with the provisions of Section 197 of the Act. (h) With respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditor’s Report in accordance with Rule 11 of the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, in our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us: i. The Company has disclosed the impact of pending litigations on its financial position in its standalone financial statements – Refer Note 34 (a) to the standalone financial statements; ii. The Company did not have any long-term contracts including derivative contracts for which there were any material foreseeable losses – Refer Note 34 (g) to the standalone financial statements; iii. There were no amounts which were required to be transferred to the Investor Education and Protection Fund by the Company - Refer Note 34 (f) to the standalone financial statements. For S.N. Dhawan & CO LLP Chartered Accountants Firm’s Registration No.:000050N/N500045 Vinesh Jain Partner Place: New Delhi Membership No.: 87701 Date: 27 May, 2021 UDIN: 21087701AAAADH3030 Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 112

[Page 115] Annexure A to the Independent Auditor’s Report (Referred to in paragraph 1 under ‘Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements’ section of the Independent Auditor’s Report of even date to the members of DIXON TECHNOLOGIES (INDIA) LIMITED on the standalone financial statements as of and for the year ended 31 March 2021) (i) In respect of the Company’s fixed assets (comprising of property, plant and equipment and other intangible assets) a. The Company has maintained proper records showing full particulars, including quantitative details and situation of fixed assets. b. The Company has a regular program of physical verification of its fixed assets under which fixed assets are verified in a phased manner over a period of three years, which, in our opinion, is reasonable having regard to the size of the Company and the nature of its assets. In accordance with this program, certain fixed assets were verified during the year and according to the information and explanation given to us, no material discrepancies were noticed on such verification. c. According to the information and explanations given to us and the records examined by us and based on the examination of the registered sale deed / transfer deed / conveyance deed provided to us, we report that, the title deeds of all the freehold immovable properties (which are included under the head ‘Property plant and equipment’) are held in the name of the Company. (ii) The management has conducted physical verification of inventory at reasonable intervals during the year and according to the information and explanations given to us, no material discrepancies between physical inventory and book records were noticed on physical verification. (iii) According to the information and explanations given to us, the Company has granted unsecured loan to companies, director and key managerial personnel covered in the register maintained under section 189 of the Companies Act, 2013; (a) in our opinion the terms and conditions of grant of such loans are not, prima facie, prejudicial to the Company’s interest. (b) The loans are repayable on demand. (c) there are no overdue amount in respect of loans granted to such company, director and key managerial personnel. (iv) In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, company has complied with the provisions of Sections 185 and 186 of the Act in respect of loans, investments, guarantees, and security. (v) In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, the Company has not accepted any deposits during the year and had no unclaimed deposits at the beginning of the year within the meaning of Sections 73 to 76 of the Act and the Companies (Acceptance of Deposits) Rules, 2014 (as amended). Accordingly, the provisions of clause 3(v) of the Order are not applicable. (vi) We have broadly reviewed the books of account maintained by the Company pursuant to the Rules made by the Central Government for the maintenance of cost records under sub-section (1) of Section 148 of the Act in respect of Company’s products and are of the opinion that, prima facie, the prescribed accounts and records have been made and maintained. However, we have not made a detailed examination of the cost records with a view to determine whether they are accurate or complete. (vii) a. According to the information and explanations given to us, the Company has generally been regular in depositing undisputed statutory dues including, provident fund, employees’ state insurance, income-tax, duty of customs, goods and services tax (‘GST’), cess, and other material statutory dues, as applicable, to the appropriate authorities. Further, no undisputed amounts payable in respect thereof were outstanding at the year- end for a period of more than six months from the date they become payable. The operation of the Company do not give rise to dues of duty of excise, value added tax, sales tax and service tax. b. According to the information and explanations given to us, the dues outstanding in respect of income-tax, goods and service tax, custom duty, duty of excise, sales tax and value added tax and other statutory dues on account of any dispute, are as follows: Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements 113

[Page 116] Name of statue Nature of dues Amount Amount paid under protest Period to which the amount relates Forum where dispute is pending (H in Lakhs) (H in Lakhs) Income Tax Act, 1961 Income Tax 172.52 – 2013-14 Income Tax Appellate Tribunal Income Tax 2,175.51 – 2014-15, 2016-17, 2017-18 Commissioner of Income Tax (Appeals) 2,348.03 – Goods and Services Tax Act, 2017 Goods and Services Tax 18.99 2.44 2017-18 2018-19 and 2019-20 Assistant Commissioner of Goods and Services Tax Goods and Services Tax 7.49 7.49 2019-20 Joint Commissioner (Appeal) of Goods and Services 26.47 10.03 Custom Act, 1962 Custom Duty 149.50 9.89 2009-10, 2010-11, 2011-12, 2013-14 and 2014-15 Customs Excise and Service Tax Appellate Tribunal Custom Duty 406.51 1.76 2009-10, 2010-11 and 2011-12 Commissioners of Customs Custom Duty 42.68 120.00 2011-12 Additional Commissioners of Customs Custom Duty 221.14 – 2015-2018 Directorate Of Revenue Intelligence 819.83 131.65 Central Excise Act, 1944 Excise Duty 453.82 – 2007-08 Supreme Court Excise Duty 376.53 28.16 2012-13, 2013- 14, 2014-15 and 2015-16 Customs Excise and Service Tax Appellate Tribunal Excise Duty 36.24 – 2008-09 Commissioner of Central Excise Excise Duty 28.52 – 2009-10 Additional Commissioner of Central Excise Excise Duty 8.13 2.25 2007-08 Assistant commissioner of Central Excise 903.24 30.41 Central Sales Tax Act, 1956 Sales Tax 8.02 1.22 2009-10, 2010-11 and 2011-12 High Court Sales Tax 203.33 36.28 2008-09, 2010-11, 2011-12, 2012-13, 2013-14, 2014-15, 2015-16, 2017-18, Joint Commissioner Sales Tax 4.13 0.59 2009-10, 2011-12, Deputy Commissioner Sales Tax 0.76 0.76 2014-15 Assistant Commissioner 216.25 38.85 Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 114

[Page 117] The operation of the Company do not give rise to dues of service tax. (viii) In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, the Company has not defaulted in repayment of loans or borrowings to any financial institutions and banks. The Company has no outstanding dues in respect of government loans and there are no dues payable to any debenture holder during the year. (ix) In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, money raised by further public offer of equity shares and term loans availed by the Company during the year were, prima facie, applied by the Company for the purposes for which the moneys were raised, other than temporary deployment pending allocation. (x) To the best of our knowledge and according to the information and explanations given to us, no fraud by the Company or on the Company by its officers or employees has been noticed or reported during the period covered by our audit. (xi) In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, managerial remuneration has been paid / provided by the Company in accordance with the requisite approvals mandated by the provisions of Section 197 of the Act read with Schedule V to the Act. (xii) The Company is not a Nidhi Company. Accordingly, provisions of clause 3(xii) of the Order are not applicable. (xiii) In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, all transactions with the related parties are in compliance with Sections 177 and 188 of Act, where applicable, and the requisite details have been disclosed in the financial statements etc., as required by the applicable accounting standards. (xiv) During the year, the Company has not made any preferential allotment or private placement of shares or fully or partly convertible debentures. Accordingly, provisions of clause3 (xiv) of the order are not applicable. (xv) In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, the Company has not entered into any non-cash transactions with the directors or persons connected with them covered under Section 192 of the Act. Accordingly, provisions of clause3 (xv) of the order are not applicable. (xvi) The Company is not required to be registered under Section 45-IA of the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934. Accordingly, provisions of clause3 (xvi) of the order are not applicable. For S.N. Dhawan & CO LLP Chartered Accountants Firm’s Registration No.:000050N/N500045 Vinesh Jain Partner Place: New Delhi Membership No.: 87701 Date: 27 May, 2021 UDIN: 21087701AAAADH3030 Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements 115

[Page 118] Annexure B Annexure B to the Independent Auditor’s Report of even date on the standalone financial statements of DIXON TECHNOLOGIES (INDIA) LIMITED (Referred to in paragraph 2(f) under ‘Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements’ section of our report to the Members of DIXON TECHNOLOGIES (INDIA) LIMITED of even date) Independent Auditor’s report on the Internal Financial Controls with reference to standalone financial statements under Clause (i) of Sub- section 3 of Section 143 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) 1. We have audited the internal financial controls with reference to the financial statements of DIXON TECHNOLOGIES (INDIA) LIMITED (“the Company”) as at 31 March 2021 in conjunction with our audit of the standalone financial statements of the Company for the year ended on that date. Management’s Responsibility for Internal Financial Controls 2. The Company’s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining internal financial controls based on the internal control with reference to the financial statements criteria established by the Company considering the essential components of internal control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. These responsibilities include the design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls that were operating effectively for ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct of the Company’s business, including adherence to company’s policies, the safeguarding of its assets, the prevention and detection of frauds and errors, the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, and the timely preparation of reliable financial information, as required under the Act. Auditors’ Responsibility 3. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal financial controls with reference to the financial statements based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting (the “Guidance Note”) and the Standards on Auditing, issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI) and deemed to be prescribed under section 143(10) of the Act, to the extent applicable to an audit of internal financial controls, both applicable to an audit of Internal Financial Controls and, both issued by the ICAI. Those Standards and the Guidance Note require that we comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether adequate internal financial controls with reference to the financial statements were established and maintained and if such controls operated effectively in all material respects. 4. Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the adequacy of the internal financial controls with reference to the financial statements and their operating effectiveness. Our audit of internal financial controls with reference to the financial statements included obtaining an understanding of internal financial controls with reference to the financial statements, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. The procedures selected depend on the auditor’s judgement, including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error. 5. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on the Company’s internal financial controls system with reference to the financial statements. Meaning of Internal Financial Controls with reference to the financial statements 6. A company’s internal financial controls with reference to the financial statements is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal financial controls with reference to the financial statements includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorisations of management and directors of the Company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 116

[Page 119] detection of unauthorised acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls with reference to the financial statements 7. Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls with reference to the financial statements, including the possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of the internal financial controls with reference to the financial statements to future periods are subject to the risk that the internal financial controls with reference to the financial statements may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Opinion 8. In our opinion, the Company has, in all material respects, adequate internal financial controls system with reference to the financial statements and such internal financial controls with reference to the financial statements operating effectively as at 31 March 2021, based on the internal control with reference to the financial statements criteria established by the Company considering the essential components of internal control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls over financial reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India,. For S.N. Dhawan & CO LLP Chartered Accountants Firm’s Registration No.:000050N/N500045 Vinesh Jain Partner Place: New Delhi Membership No.: 87701 Date: 27 May, 2021 UDIN: 21087701AAAADH3030 Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements 117

[Page 120] Standalone Balance Sheet as at 31 March, 2021 (H in Lakhs) Note No. As at 31 March 2021 As at 31 March 2020 ASSETS Non-current assets (a) Property, plant and equipment 5 29,116.60 26,273.89 (b) Capital work-in-progress 7,155.20 955.21 (c) Intangible assets 6 387.39 432.70 (d) Right to use assets 37 8,614.03 8,336.61 (e) Financial assets i. Investments 7 4,503.01 4,501.01 ii. Other financial assets 8 1,037.02 857.04 (f) Other non-current assets 9 1,614.09 1,802.56 52,427.34 43,159.02 Current assets (a) Inventories 10 55,543.66 36,399.76 (b) Financial assets i. Investments 7 9,525.31 – ii. Trade receivables 11 1,00,300.22 42,861.23 iii. Cash and cash equivalents 12 3,605.12 9,334.58 iv. Other bank balances 13 488.07 434.27 v. Loans 14 5,900.00 – vi. Other financial assets 8 1,100.00 2,586.82 (c) Other current assets 9 13,010.79 7,353.66 1,89,473.17 98,970.32 TOTAL ASSETS 2,41,900.53 1,42,129.34 EQUITY AND LIABILITIES Equity (a) Equity share capital 15 1,171.39 1,157.01 (b) Other equity 16 69,061.19 50,259.46 70,232.58 51,416.47 Liabilities Non-Current Liabilities (a) Financial liabilities: i. Borrowings 17 5,637.97 957.16 ii. Other financial liabilities 18 8,541.90 8,127.36 (b) Provisions 19 829.90 625.80 (c) Deferred tax liabilities (net) 20 1,455.02 1,257.50 16,464.79 10,967.82 Current Liabilities (a) Financial liabilities: i. Borrowings 21 7,125.27 6,297.97 ii. Trade payables 22 Total outstanding dues of micro and small enterprises 5,159.90 1,526.59 Total outstanding dues of others 1,37,193.84 69,876.91 iii. Other financial liabilities 18 2,120.33 1,081.30 (b) Other current liabilities 23 3,052.32 503.75 (c) Provisions 19 543.46 438.41 (d) Current tax liabilities 24 8.04 20.12 1,55,203.16 79,745.05 TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 2,41,900.53 1,42,129.34 See accompanying notes forming part of the standalone financial statements In terms of our report attached For and on behalf of the Board of Directors For S. N. Dhawan & CO LLP Chartered Accountants Sunil Vachani Atul B. Lall Firm’s Registration No. 000050N/N500045 Chairman Vice Chairman and Managing Director Vinesh Jain Saurabh Gupta Ashish Kumar Partner Chief Financial officer Company Secretary Membership No. 087701 Place: Delhi Place: Noida Date: 27 May, 2021 Date: 27 May, 2021 Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 118

[Page 121] Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss for the year ended 31 March, 2021 (H in Lakhs) Particulars Note No. Year Ended 31 March, 2021 Year Ended 31 March, 2020 INCOME 1 Revenue from operations 25 5,67,460.15 3,67,149.94 2 Other income 26 238.97 919.74 3 Total income (1+2) 5,67,699.12 3,68,069.68 4 EXPENSES (a) Cost of materials consumed 27 5,06,070.33 3,21,211.23 (b) Changes in inventories of finished goods, stock-in-trade and work-in- progress 28 119.17 (3,157.41) (c) Employee benefits expense 29 12,548.65 10,873.90 (d) Finance costs 30 2,591.11 3,509.92 (e) Depreciation and amortisation expense 31 3,845.71 3,178.30 (f) Other expenses 32 21,907.65 18,213.20 Total expenses (4) 5,47,083.02 3,53,829.14 5 Profit before exceptional items and tax (3-4) 20,616.10 14,240.54 6 Exceptional items – – 7 Profit before tax (5-6) 20,616.10 14,240.54 8 Tax expense: 33 (a) Current tax 5,343.56 3,645.33 (b) Deferred tax 199.35 (523.72) (c) Income tax for earlier years (net) (124.01) 58.47 Tax expense (8) 5,418.90 3,180.08 9 Profit for the year (7-8) 15,197.20 11,060.46 10 Other Comprehensive Income (‘OCI’) (a) Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss - re-measurement of defined benefit liabilities (7.00) (66.67) (b) Income tax relating to items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss 1.83 17.08 Other Comprehensive Income for the Year (Net of Tax) (5.17) (49.59) 11 Total Comprehensive Income for the Year (9+10) 15,192.03 11,010.87 12 Earnings per share 38 (Nominal value of share H 2) (a) Basic 26.14 19.38 (b) Diluted 25.56 18.85 See accompanying notes forming part of the standalone financial statements In terms of our report attached For and on behalf of the Board of Directors For S. N. Dhawan & CO LLP Chartered Accountants Sunil Vachani Atul B. Lall Firm’s Registration No. 000050N/N500045 Chairman Vice Chairman and Managing Director Vinesh Jain Saurabh Gupta Ashish Kumar Partner Chief Financial officer Company Secretary Membership No. 087701 Place: Delhi Place: Noida Date: 27 May, 2021 Date: 27 May, 2021 Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements 119

[Page 122] Standalone Statement of Cash Flows for the year ended 31 March, 2021 (H in Lakhs) Particulars Year Ended 31 March, 2021 Year Ended 31 March, 2020 A. Cash flow from operating activities Profit before tax 20,616.10 14,240.54 Adjustments for : Depreciation and amortisation expense 3,845.70 3,178.30 Finance Costs 2,591.11 3,509.92 (Gain) /Loss on Exchange fluctuation on borrowings 58.95 319.43 Provision for impairment of property, plant and equipment 205.00 240.00 Interest income (140.26) (237.08) Dividend Income – (450.00) Rent income waiver (56.66) – Income from Mutual fund Investment (37.98) – Provision for doubtful debts / loans and advances written back (4.07) (225.04) Loss on sale of property, plant and equipment 32.93 29.01 Excess liabilities, credit balances, provisions etc. written back – (1.49) Share based payment of employees 937.90 568.12 Bad debts write off 3.22 394.12 28,051.94 21,565.83 Changes in working capital Adjustments for (increase) / decrease in operating assets: Inventories (19,143.90) (6,705.15) Trade receivables (57,438.15) 911.21 Other current assets (5,656.24) (1,152.64) Other financial assets - non-current (179.98) (227.89) - current 1,486.67 (680.13) Adjustments for increase / (decrease) in operating liabilities: Trade payables 70,949.38 16,169.93 Other financial liabilities 109.88 (272.97) Other current liabilities 2,548.57 (2,153.75) Provisions 302.13 212.01 Cash generated from operating activities 21,030.30 27,666.45 Income tax paid (net) (5,231.63) (3,860.83) Net cash generated from/ (used in) operating activities 15,798.67 23,805.62 B. Cash flow from investing activities Capital expenditure on property, plant and equipment and (11,331.42) (8,906.84) intangible assets Sale proceeds of property, plant and equipment 21.06 186.41 Investment in Mutual Funds (9,525.30) – Loan given (net) (5,900.00) – Equity investments in shares of subsidiaries (2.00) (2,701.00) (Increase) / decrease in bank balance not classified as cash and cash equivalent (53.80) 1,424.10 Income from mutual fund investment 37.98 – Dividend Income – 450.00 Interest income received 140.26 237.08 Net cash generated from/(used in) investing activities (26,613.22) (9,310.25) Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 120

[Page 123] See accompanying notes forming part of the standalone financial statements In terms of our report attached For and on behalf of the Board of Directors For S. N. Dhawan & CO LLP Chartered Accountants Sunil Vachani Atul B. Lall Firm’s Registration No. 000050N/N500045 Chairman Vice Chairman and Managing Director Vinesh Jain Saurabh Gupta Ashish Kumar Partner Chief Financial officer Company Secretary Membership No. 087701 Place: Delhi Place: Noida Date: 27 May, 2021 Date: 27 May, 2021 (H in Lakhs) Particulars Year Ended 31 March, 2021 Year Ended 31 March, 2020 C. Cash flow from financing activities Interest paid (2,995.40) (3,511.04) Proceeds from issue of share 2,685.86 4,569.68 Proceeds/ (repayment) from current borrowings (net) 768.88 (6,824.13) Proceeds of non Current financial Borrowings 4,679.95 495.57 Repayment of non Current financial Borrowings (54.20) (47.56) Dividend paid – (689.31) Dividend distribution tax paid – (49.19) Net cash generated from/(used in) financing activities 5,085.09 (6,055.98) Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents (A+B+C) (5,729.46) 8,439.39 Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year 9,334.58 895.19 Cash and cash equivalents at the end of year (refer note 12) 3,605.12 9,334.58 Standalone Statement of Cash Flows for the year ended 31 March, 2021 Notes: i. The statement of cash flow has been prepared under the indirect method as set out in Ind AS 7 on statements of cash flow. ii. Figures in brackets indicate cash outflow. iii. Figures for the previous year have been regrouped wherever considered necessary. iv. Current taxes paid are treated as arising from operating activities and are not bifurcated between investing and financing activities. Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements 121

[Page 124] Standalone Statement of Changes in Equity for the year ended 31 March, 2021 a. Equity share capital (H in Lakhs) Particulars Amount Balance as at 31st March 2019 1,132.51 Add: Shares issued under employee stock option scheme (see note 41) 24.50 Balance as at 31st March 2020 1,157.01 Add: Shares issued under employee stock option scheme (see note 41) 14.38 Balance as at 31st March 2021 1,171.39 b. Other equity (H in Lakhs) Particulars Reserves and surplus Other Comprehensive Income Total General Reserve Securities Premium Capital Redemption Reserve Share Option Outstanding Retained Earnings Remeasurement of Defined Benefit Plans Balance as at 31 March, 2019 704.94 9,604.05 33.24 264.26 24,333.14 (65.84) 34,873.79 Profit for the year – – – – 11,060.46 – 11,060.46 Dividend paid – – – – (689.31) – (689.31) Dividend distribution tax – – – – (49.19) – (49.19) Share options expenses for the year – – – 568.12 – – 568.12 Transfer for share option exercised during the year 405.77 – – (405.77) – – – Premium on issue of share under employees stock option scheme – 4,545.18 – – – – 4,545.18 Remeasurement Gain/(Loss) on defined benefit plans – – – – – (49.59) (49.59) Balance as at 31 March, 2020 1,110.71 14,149.23 33.24 426.61 34,655.10 (115.43) 50,259.46 Profit for the year – – – – 15,197.20 – 15,197.20 Dividend paid – – – – – – – Dividend distribution tax – – – – – – – Share options expenses for the year – – – 937.90 – – 937.90 Transfer for share option exercised during the year 492.78 – – (492.78) – – – Premium on issue of share under employees stock option scheme – 2,671.80 – – – – 2,671.80 Remeasurement Gain/(Loss) on defined benefit plans – – – – – (5.17) (5.17) Balance as at 31 March, 2021 1,603.49 16,821.03 33.24 871.73 49,852.30 (120.60) 69,061.19 Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 122

[Page 125] 1 Corporate Information Dixon Technologies (India) Limited (‘the Company’) is a Public Limited Company incorporated in India having its registered office located at B-14 & 15, Phase-II, Noida, Gautam Buddha Nagar, Uttar Pradesh, India- 201305. The Company’s CIN - L32101UP1993PLC066581. It was incorporated as per the provisions of the Companies Act as Dixon Utilities and Exports Private Limited in the year 1993. The Company is listed on BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited. The Company transformed from being a manufacturer of electronic goods to leading multi-product corporation with widespread activities. The Company is primarily engaged in the manufacturing of electronics as its core business activity. 2 Basis of Accounting 2.1 Statement of Compliance Standalone Financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the Indian Accounting Standards (“Ind AS”) as prescribed by Ministry of Corporate Affairs pursuant to Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”), read with the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 as amended by the companies (Indian Accounting Standards ) Amendment Rules, 2016, other relevant provisions of the Act and other accounting principles generally accepted in India. The Company has prepared these Standalone Financial Statements which comprise the Balance Sheet as at 31 March, 2021, the Statement of Profit and Loss for the year ended 31 March 2021, the Statement of Cash Flows for the year ended 31 March 2021 and the Statement of Changes in Equity for the year ended as on that date, and accounting policies and other explanatory information (together hereinafter referred to as ‘Standalone Financial Statements’ or ‘financial statements’). The Financial statements of the Company for the year ended 31 March, 2021 have been approved by the Board of Directors in their meeting held on 27 May, 2021 2.2 Basis of preparation of financial statements The separate financial statements of the company are prepared in accordance with Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS), under the historical cost convention on the accrual basis as per the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”), except for: – Financial instruments – measured at fair value; – Assets held for sale – measured at fair value less cost of sale; – Plan assets under defined benefit plans – measured at fair value – Employee share-based payments – measured at fair value – In addition, the carrying values of recognised assets and liabilities, designated as hedged items in fair value hedges that would otherwise be carried at cost, are adjusted to record changes in the fair values attributable to the risks that are being hedged in effective hedge relationship. Accounting policies have been consistently applied except where a newly issued accounting standard is initially adopted or a revision to an existing accounting standard requires a change in the accounting policy hitherto in use. 2.3 Current vs. Non-current classification The Company presents assets and liabilities in the Balance Sheet based on current/ non-current classification. An asset is classified as current when it is: – Expected to be realised or intended to sold or consumed in normal operating cycle; – Held primarily for the purpose of trading; – Expected to be realized within twelve months after the reporting period; or – Cash or cash equivalent unless restricted from being exchanged or used to settle a liability for at least twelve months after the reporting period. All the other assets are classified as non-current. A liability is current when: – It is expected to be settled in normal operating cycle; – It is held primarily for the purpose of trading; – It is due to be settled within twelve months after the reporting period; or – There is no unconditional right to defer the settlement of the liability for at least twelve months after the reporting period. All other liabilities are classified as non-current Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities are classified as non- current assets and liabilities respectively. 2.4 Functional and Presentation Currency The Financial Statements have been presented in Indian Rupees (INR), which is also the Company’s functional currency. All Financial information presented in INR has been rounded off to the nearest lakh as per the requirements of Schedule III of “the Act” , unless otherwise stated. Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements 123 Notes to Standalone Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 126] 2.5 Use of Estimates and Judgements The preparation of these financial statements in conformity with the recognition and measurement principles of Ind AS requires the management of the Company to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported balances of assets and liabilities, disclosures relating to contingent liabilities as at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of income and expense for the periods presented. Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimates are revised and future periods are affected. Key sources of estimation of uncertainty at the date of the financial statements, which may cause a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year, are in respect of impairment of investments, useful lives of property, plant and equipment, valuation of deferred tax assets and fair value measurement of financial instruments, these are discussed below. Key sources of estimation of uncertainty in respect of revenue recognition, employee benefits and provisions and contingent liabilities have been discussed in their respective policies. The areas involving critical estimates or judgments are: Impairment of investments in subsidiaries The Company reviews its carrying value of investments carried at amortised cost annually, or more frequently when there is indication for impairment. If the recoverable amount is less than its carrying amount, the impairment loss is accounted for. Useful lives of property, plant and equipment The Company reviews the useful life of property, plant and equipment at the end of each reporting period. This reassessment may result in change in depreciation expense in future periods. Valuation of deferred tax assets The Company reviews the carrying amount of deferred tax assets at the end of each reporting period. The policy has been explained under note 2.7. Fair value measurement of financial instruments When the fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities recorded in the balance sheet cannot be measured based on quoted prices in active markets, their fair value is measured using valuation techniques including the Discounted Cash Flow model. The inputs to these models are taken from observable markets where possible, but where this is not feasible, a degree of judgement is required in establishing fair values. Judgements include considerations of inputs such as liquidity risk, credit risk and volatility. Changes in assumptions about these factors could affect the reported fair value of financial instruments. The policy has been further explained under note 2.23, 2.27. 2.6 Inventories Inventories are valued at cost or net realisable value, whichever is lower. Cost comprise all costs of purchase, costs of conversion and other costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location and condition and is determined on first in first out (‘FIFO’) basis. Net Realizable Value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less estimated cost of completion and the estimated cost necessary to make the sale. However materials and other items held for use in the production of inventories are not written down below cost if the finished products in which they will be incorporated are expected to be sold at or above cost. 2.7 Cash and Cash Equivalents Cash and cash equivalents in the Balance Sheet comprise cash at banks and on hand and short term deposits with an original maturity of three months or less, which are subject to an insignificant risk of change in value. 2.8 Property, Plant and Equipment Recognition and Measurement: Property, plant and equipment held for use in the production or/and supply of goods or services, or for administrative purposes, are stated in the Balance Sheet at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses (if any). Cost of an item of property, plant and equipment acquired comprises its purchase price, including import duties and non-refundable purchase taxes, after deducting any trade discounts and rebates, any directly attributable costs of bringing the assets to its working condition and location for its intended use and present value of any estimated cost of dismantling and removing the item and restoring the site on which it is located. Expenditure incurred after the property, plant and equipment have been put into operation, such as repairs and maintenance, are charged to the Statement of Profit and Loss in the year in which the costs are incurred. In case of self-constructed assets, cost includes the costs of all materials used in construction, direct labour, allocation of directly attributable overheads, directly attributable borrowing costs incurred in bringing the item to working condition for its intended use, and estimated cost of dismantling and removing the item and restoring the site on which it is located. The costs of testing whether the asset is functioning properly, after deducting the net proceeds from selling items produced while bringing the asset to that location and condition are also added to the cost of self- constructed assets. Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 124 Notes to Standalone Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 127] If significant parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, then they are accounted for as separate items (major components) of property, plant and equipment. Profit or loss arising on the disposal of property, plant and equipment are recognized in the Statement of Profit and Loss. Reclassification to Investment Property When the use of a property changes from owner-occupied to investment property, the property is reclassified as investment property at its carrying amount on the date of reclassification. Capital Work in Progress Capital work-in-progress is stated at cost which includes expenses incurred during construction period, interest on amount borrowed for acquisition of qualifying assets and other expenses incurred in connection with project implementation in so far as such expenses relate to the period prior to the commencement of commercial production. Subsequent expenditure and componentisation Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the Company and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of the replaced part is derecognised. The carrying amount of any component accounted for as a separate asset is derecognised when replaced. All other repairs and maintenance are charged to profit or loss during the reporting period in which they are incurred. Depreciation and Amortization Depreciation on tangible assets is provided on straight line method at the rates determined based on the useful lives of respective assets as prescribed in the Schedule II of the Act. In case the cost of part of tangible asset is significant to the total cost of the assets and useful life of that part is different from the remaining useful life of the asset, depreciation has been provided on straight line method based on internal assessment and independent technical evaluation carried out by external valuers, which the management believes that the useful lives of the component best represent the period over which it expects to use those components. The Company uses the useful life of assets as per Schedule II of the Companies Act, however in certain components of property, plant and equipment the life has been provided based on the useful life as follows: Nature Life in years Plant and machinery 2-15 years Tools and dies 15 years Fan, coolers, air conditioners etc. 5 years Computers 3 to 6 years The Company, based on technical assessment made by technical expert and management estimate, depreciates certain items of office equipment and computer over estimated useful lives which are different from the useful life prescribed in Schedule II to the Companies Act, 2013. The management believes that these estimated useful lives are realistic and reflect fair approximation of the period over which the assets are likely to be used. Depreciation on additions (disposals) during the year is provided on a pro-rata basis i.e., from (up to) the date on which asset is ready for use (disposed of). Depreciation on assets built on leasehold land, which is transferrable to the lessor on expiry of lease period, is amortized over the period of lease. Depreciation method, useful lives and residual values are reviewed at each Financial year-end and adjusted if appropriate. Disposal of Assets An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognized upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected to arise from the continued use of the asset. Any gain or loss arising on the disposal or retirement of an item of property, plant and equipment is determined as the difference between net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and is recognized in the Statement of Profit and Loss. Reclassification to Investment Property When the use of a property changes from owner-occupied to investment property, the property is reclassified as investment property at its carrying amount on the date of reclassification. 2.9 Investment properties – Investment Property is property (comprising land or building or both) held to earn rental income or for capital appreciation or both, but not for sale in ordinary course of business, use in the production or supply of goods or services or for administrative purposes. – Upon initial recognition, an investment Property is measured at cost. Subsequently they are stated in the Balance Sheet at cost, less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses, if any. Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements 125 Notes to Standalone Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 128] – Subsequent expenditure is capitalised to the asset’s carrying amount only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the expenditure will flow to the Company and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. All other repairs and maintenance costs are expensed when incurred. When part of an investment property is replaced, the carrying amount of the replaced part is derecognised. – Any gain or loss on disposal of investment property is determined as the difference between net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the property and is recognized in the Statement of Profit and Loss. – The depreciable investment property i.e., buildings, are depreciated on a straight line method at a rate determined based on the useful life as provided under Schedule II of “the Act’’. – Investment properties are derecognized either when they have been disposed of or when they are permanently withdrawn from the use and no future economic benefit is expected from their disposal. The net difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset is recognized in profit or loss in the period of derecognition. 2.10 Intangible Assets Recognition and Measurement The intangible assets comprises software which is not an integral part of related hardware, is treated as intangible asset and are stated at cost on initial recognition and subsequently measured at cost less accumulated amortization and accumulated impairment loss, if any. Subsequent Expenditure Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount, only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the cost incurred will flow to the Company and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. All other expenditure is recognized in the Statement of Profit & Loss. Amortization – Intangible assets is amortised on straight line method over a period of three to six years. – The amortization period and the amortization method are reviewed at least at the end of each Financial year. If the expected useful life of the assets is significantly different from previous estimates, the amortization period is changed accordingly. Intangible Assets under Development Intangible Assets under development is stated at cost which includes expenses incurred in connection with development of Intangible Assets in so far as such expenses relate to the period prior to the getting the assets ready for use. 2.11 Impairment of Non-Financial Assets The Company assesses, at each reporting date, whether there is an indication that an asset may be impaired. An asset is treated as impaired when the carrying cost of the asset exceeds its recoverable value being higher of value in use and net selling price. Value in use is computed at net present value of cash flow expected over the balance useful lives of the assets. For the purpose of assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels for which there are separately identifiable cash inflows which are largely independent of the cash inflows from other assets or group of assets (Cash Generating Units – CGU). An impairment loss is recognized as an expense in the Statement of Profit and Loss in the year in which an asset is identified as impaired. The impairment loss recognized in earlier accounting period is reversed if there has been an improvement in recoverable amount. 2.12 Non-current assets or disposal held for sale Non-current assets or disposal groups are classified as held for sale if their carrying amounts will be recovered principally through a sale transaction rather than through continuing use. Such assets or disposal groups are classified only when both the conditions are satisfied: - – The sale is highly probable, and – The asset or disposal group is available for immediate sale in its present condition subject only to terms that are usual and customary for sale of such assets. Management must be committed to the sale, which should be expected to qualify for recognition as a completed sale within one year from the date of classification as held for sale, and actions required to complete the plan of sale should indicate that it is unlikely that significant changes to the plan will be made or that the plan will be withdrawn. Non current assets or disposal group are presented separately from the other assets in the balance sheet. The liabilities of a disposal group classified as held for sale are presented separately from other liabilities in the balance sheet. Upon classification, non-current assets or disposal group held for sale are measured at the lower of carrying amount and fair value less costs to sell. Non-current assets which are subject to depreciation are not depreciated or amortized once those classified as held for sale. Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 126 Notes to Standalone Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 129] 2.13 Government Grants Government grants are recognized at their fair values when there is reasonable assurance that the grants will be received and the Company will comply with all the attached conditions. When the grant relates to an expense item, it is recognized as income on a systematic basis over the periods that the related costs, for which it is intended to compensate, are expensed. Grants related to purchase of property, plant and equipment are included in non-current liabilities as deferred income and are credited to Statement of Profit and Loss on a straight line basis over the expected useful life of the related asset and presented within other operating revenue or netted off against the related expenses. 2.14 Revenue Recognition The Company engaged in the manufacturing washing machine, Moulding and Other Electronics etc. Revenue from contracts with customers is recognised when control of the goods or services are transferred to the customer at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. Description of performance obligations are as follows: Sale of Goods Revenue from sale of goods is recognised at the point in time when control of the asset is transferred to the customer, generally on delivery of the goods. Delivery occurs when the products have been shipped to the specified location, the risks of obsolescence and loss have been transferred to the customer, and either the customer has accepted the products in accordance with the sales contract, the acceptance provisions have lapsed, or the Company has objective evidence that all criteria for acceptance have been satisfied. Revenue from the sale of goods is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable, net of returns and allowances, trade discounts and volume rebates. Sales-related warranties associated with sale of goods cannot be purchased separately and they serve as an assurance that the products sold comply with agreed-upon specifications. Accordingly, the Company accounts for warranties in accordance with IAS 37 Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets. Interest Income For all debt instruments measured either at amortized cost or at Fair Value through Other Comprehensive Income (FVTOCI), interest income is recorded using the Effective Interest Rate (EIR). EIR is the rate that exactly discounts the estimated future cash receipts over the expected life of the Financial instrument or a shorter period, where appropriate, to the gross carrying amount of the Financial asset. Dividend Income Dividend Income from investments is recognized when the Company’s right to receive payment has been established. Other Operating Revenue Export incentive and subsidies are recognized when there is reasonable assurance that the Company will comply with the conditions and the incentive will be received. Insurance claims Insurance claims are accounted for on acceptance or to the extent amount have been received. 2.15 Leases As a lessee The company recognises a right-of-use asset and a lease liability at the lease commencement date. The right-of-use asset is initially measured at cost, which comprises the initial amount of the lease liability adjusted for any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, plus any initial direct costs incurred and an estimate of costs to dismantle and remove the underlying asset or to restore the underlying asset or the site on which it is located, less any lease incentives received. The right-of-use asset is subsequently depreciated using the straight-line method from the commencement date to the earlier of the end of the useful life of the right-of-use asset or the end of the lease term. The estimated useful lives of right- of-use assets are determined on the same basis as those of property and equipment. In addition, the right-of-use asset is periodically reduced by impairment losses, if any, and adjusted for certain re-measurements of the lease liability. The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at the commencement date, discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if that rate cannot be readily determined, company’s incremental borrowing rate. Generally, the company uses its incremental borrowing rate as the discount rate. Lease payments included in the measurement of the lease liability comprise the following: – Fixed payments, including in-substance fixed payments; – Variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, initially measured using the index or rate as at the commencement date; – Amounts expected to be payable under a residual value guarantee; and – The exercise price under a purchase option that the company is reasonably certain to exercise, lease Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements 127 Notes to Standalone Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 130] payments in an optional renewal period if the company is reasonably certain to exercise an extension option, and penalties for early termination of a lease unless the company is reasonably certain not to terminate early. The lease liability is measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method. It is remeasured when there is a change in future lease payments arising from a change in an index or rate, if there is a change in the company’s estimate of the amount expected to be payable under a residual value guarantee, or if company changes its assessment of whether it will exercise a purchase, extension or termination option. When the lease liability is remeasured in this way, a corresponding adjustment is made to the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset, or is recorded in profit or loss if the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset has been reduced to zero. The company presents right-of-use assets that do not meet the definition of investment property in ‘property, plant and equipment’ and lease liabilities in ‘loans and borrowings’ in the statement of financial position. Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets The company has elected not to recognise right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for short-term leases of real estate properties that have a lease term of 12 months. The company recognises the lease payments associated with these leases as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Arrangements in the nature of lease The Company enters into agreements, comprising a transaction or series of related transactions that does not take the legal form of a lease but conveys the right to use the asset in return for a payment or series of payments. In case of such arrangements, the Company applies the requirements of Ind AS 116 – Leases to the lease element of the arrangement. For the purpose of applying the requirements under Ind AS 116 – Leases, payments and other consideration required by the arrangement are separated at the inception of the arrangement into those for lease and those for other elements. 2.16 Foreign Currency Transactions Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the spot rates of exchanges at the dates of the transactions. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the functional currency spot rate of exchanges at the reporting date. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of such transactions and from the translation of monetary assets and liabilities are generally recognized in profit or loss in the year in which they arise except for exchange differences on foreign currency borrowings relating to assets under construction for future productive use, which are included in the cost of those qualifying assets when they are regarded as an adjustment to interest costs on those foreign currency borrowings, the balance is presented in the Statement of Profit and Loss within finance costs. Non monetary items are not retranslated at period end and are measured at historical cost (translated using the exchange rate at the transaction date). 2.17 Income Tax Income Tax comprises current and deferred tax. It is recognized in the Statement of Profit and Loss except to the extent that it relates to an item recognized directly in equity or in Other Comprehensive Income. Current Tax Current income tax assets and liabilities are measured at the amount expected to be recovered from or paid to the taxation authorities. The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from ‘profit before tax’ as reported in the statement of profit and loss because of items of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other years and items that are never taxable or deductible. Current income tax relating to items recognised outside statement of profit and loss is recognised outside statement of profit and loss (either in other comprehensive income or in equity). Current tax items are recognised in correlation to the underlying transaction either in other comprehensive income or directly in equity. Management periodically evaluates positions taken in the tax returns with respect to situations in which applicable tax regulations are subject to interpretation and establishes provisions where appropriate. The Company’s current tax is calculated using tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period. Deferred Tax Deferred Tax assets and liabilities shall be measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the period when the asset is realized or the liability is settled based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period. Deferred tax is recognized in respect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for Financial reporting purposes and the corresponding amounts used for taxation purposes (i.e., tax base). Deferred tax is also recognized for carry forward of unused tax losses and unused tax credits. Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 128 Notes to Standalone Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 131] Deferred tax assets are recognized to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary differences, and the carry forward of unused tax credits and unused tax losses can be utilized. The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period. The Company reduces the carrying amount of a deferred tax asset to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow the benefit of part or that entire deferred tax asset to be utilized. Any such reduction is reversed to the extent that it becomes probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available. Deferred tax relating to items recognized outside the Statement of Profit and Loss is recognized either in Other Comprehensive Income (OCI) or in equity. Deferred tax items are recognized in correlation to the underlying transaction either in OCI or directly in equity. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority and the Company intends to settle its current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis. 2.18 Borrowing Cost Borrowing Costs consists of interest and other costs that an entity incurs in connection with the borrowings of funds. Borrowing costs also includes exchange difference to the extent regarded as an adjustment to the borrowing costs. Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition or construction of a qualifying asset are capitalized as a part of the cost of that asset that necessarily takes a substantial period of time to complete and prepare the asset for its intended use or sale. The Company considers a period of twelve months or more as a substantial period of time. Transaction costs in respect of long term borrowing are amortized over the tenure of respective loans using Effective Interest Rate (EIR) method. All other borrowing costs are recognized in the Statement of Profit and Loss in the period in which they are incurred. 2.19 Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets Provisions Provisions are recognized when there is a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past event and it is probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation. Provisions are determined by discounting the expected future cash flows (representing the best estimate of the expenditure required to settle the present obligation at the balance sheet date) at a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the liability. The unwinding of the discount is recognized as finance cost. Warranties Provisions for the expected cost of warranty obligations under local sale of goods legislation are recognised at the date of sale of the relevant products, at the management’s best estimate of the expenditure required to settle the Company’s obligation. Warranty Provision is measured at discounted present value using pre-tax discount rate that reflects the current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the liability. Product warranty liability and warranty expenses are recorded at the time the product is sold, if the claims of the customers under warranty are probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated. Contingent Liabilities Contingent liability is a possible obligation arising from past events and the existence of which will be confirmed only by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly within the control of the Company or a present obligation that arises from past events but is not recognized because it is not possible that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefit will be required to settle the obligations or reliable estimate of the amount of the obligations cannot be made. The Company discloses the existence of contingent liabilities in Other Notes to Financial Statements. Contingent Assets Contingent assets usually arise from unplanned or other unexpected events that give rise to the possibility of an inflow of economic benefits. Contingent Assets are not recognized though are disclosed, where an inflow of economic benefits is probable. 2.20 Employee Benefits Short Term Benefits Short term employee benefit obligations are measured on an undiscounted basis and are expensed as the related services are provided. Liabilities for wages and salaries, including non-monetary benefits that are expected to be settled wholly within twelve months after the end of the period in which the employees render the related service are recognized in respect of employees’ services up to the end of the reporting period. Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements 129 Notes to Standalone Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 132] Other Long Term Employee Benefits Leave, as the leave accrued, if any, lapses at the end of the year and hence, no liability in respect of accrued leave arises. Post Employment Benefits The Company operates the following post employment schemes: – Defined Benefit Plans The liability or asset recognized in the Balance Sheet in respect of defined benefit plans is the present value of the defined benefit obligation at the end of the reporting period less the fair value of plan assets. The Company’s net obligation in respect of defined benefit plans is calculated separately for each plan by estimating the amount of future benefit that employees have earned in the current and prior periods. The defined benefit obligation is calculated annually by Actuaries using the projected unit credit method. The liability recognized for defined benefit plans is the present value of the defined benefit obligation at the reporting date less the fair value of plan assets, together with adjustments for unrecognized actuarial gains or losses and past service costs. The net interest cost is calculated by applying the discount rate to the net balance of the defined benefit obligation and the fair value of plan assets. The benefits are discounted using the government securities (G-Sec) at the end of the reporting period that have terms approximating to the terms of related obligation. Remeasurements of the net defined benefit obligation, which comprise actuarial gains and losses, the return on plan assets (excluding interest) and the effect of the asset ceiling, are recognized in Other Comprehensive Income. Remeasurement recognized in Other Comprehensive Income is reflected immediately in retained earnings and will not be reclassified to the Statement of Profit and Loss. Defined Contribution Plan Defined contribution plans such as provident fund etc. are charged to the Statement of Profit and Loss as and when incurred. Termination Benefit Expenditure incurred on Voluntary Retirement Scheme is charged to the Statement of Profit and Loss immediately. 2.21 Share-based payment arrangements Equity-settled share-based payments to employees and others providing similar services are measured at the fair value of the equity instruments at the grant date. The fair value determined at the grant date of the equity- settled share-based payments is expensed on a straight- line basis over the vesting period, based on the Company’s estimate of equity instruments that will eventually vest, with a corresponding increase in equity. At the end of each reporting period, the Company revises its estimate of the number of equity instruments expected to vest. The impact of the revision of the original estimates, if any, is recognised in profit or loss such that the cumulative expense reflects the revised estimate, with a corresponding adjustment to the equity-settled employee benefits reserve. Equity-settled share-based payment transactions with parties other than employees are measured at the fair value of the goods or services received, except where that fair value cannot be estimated reliably, in which case they are measured at the fair value of the equity instruments granted, measured at the date the entity obtains the goods or the counterparty renders the service. For cash-settled share-based payments, a liability is recognised for the goods or services acquired, measured initially at the fair value of the liability. At the end of each reporting period until the liability is settled, and at the date of settlement, the fair value of the liability is remeasured, with any changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss for the year. 2.22 Interest in Subsidiaries and Jointly controlled entities Investments in subsidiaries and jointly controlled entities are carried at cost less accumulated impairment losses, if any. Where an indication of impairment exists, the carrying amount of the investment is assessed and written down immediately to its recoverable amount. On disposal of investments in subsidiaries or the loss of significant influence over jointly controlled entities, the difference between net disposal proceeds and the carrying amounts are recognized in the Statement of Profit and Loss. 2.23 Financial Instruments A Financial instrument is any contract that gives rise to a Financial asset of one entity and a Financial liability or equity instrument of another entity. Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when an entity becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the instrument. Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value. Transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities (other than financial assets and financial liabilities at fair value through Statement of Profit and Loss (FVTPL)) are added to or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition. Transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets or financial liabilities at fair value through profit and loss are recognised immediately in Statement of Profit and Loss. Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 130 Notes to Standalone Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 133] Financial assets – Recognition and initial measurement: A Financial asset is initially measured at fair value plus, in the case of Financial assets not recorded at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs that are attributable to the acquisition of the Financial asset. – Classification and subsequent measurement: For purposes of subsequent measurement, Financial assets are classified in four categories: • Measured at Amortized Cost; • Measured at Fair Value Through Other Comprehensive Income (FVTOCI); • Measured at Fair Value Through Profit or Loss (FVTPL); and • Equity Instruments measured at Fair Value Through Other Comprehensive Income (FVTOCI). Financial assets are not reclassified subsequent to their initial recognition, except if and in the period the Company changes its business model for managing Financial assets. – Measured at amortized cost: A debt instrument is measured at the amortized cost if both the following conditions are met: – The asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual cash flows; and – The contractual terms of the Financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest (SPPI) on the principal amount outstanding. After initial measurement, such Financial assets are subsequently measured at amortized cost using the effective interest rate (EIR) method. – Measured at FVTOCI: A debt instrument is measured at the FVTOCI if both the following conditions are met: – The objective of the business model is achieved by both collecting contractual cash flows and selling the Financial assets; and – The asset’s contractual cash flows represent SPPI. Debt instruments meeting these criteria are measured initially at fair value plus transaction costs. They are subsequently measured at fair value with any gains or losses arising on remeasurement recognized in Other Comprehensive Income, except for impairment gains or losses and foreign exchange gains or losses. Interest calculated using the effective interest method is recognized in the Statement of Profit and Loss in investment income. – Measured at FVTPL: FVTPL is a residual category for debt instruments. Any debt instrument, which does not meet the criteria for categorization as at amortized cost or as FVTOCI, is classified as FVTPL. In addition, the company may elect to designate a debt instrument, which otherwise meets amortized cost or FVTOCI criteria, as at FVTPL. Debt instruments included within the FVTPL category are measured at fair value with all changes recognized in the Statement of Profit and Loss. – Equity Instruments measured at FVTOCI: Equity instrument in scope of Ind AS – 109 are measured at fair value. On initial recognition, an equity investment that is not held for trading, the company may irrevocably elect to present subsequent changes in fair value in OCI. The election is made on an investment by investment basis. All other Financial instruments are classified as measured at FVTPL. Derecognition The Company derecognizes a Financial asset on trade date only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset expire, or when it transfers the Financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the asset to another entity. – Impairment of Financial Assets The Company assesses at each date of Balance Sheet whether a Financial asset or a group of Financial assets is impaired. Ind AS – 109 requires expected credit losses to be measured through a loss allowance. The company recognizes lifetime expected losses for all contract assets and/ or all trade receivables that do not constitute a financing transaction. For all other Financial assets, expected credit losses are measured at an amount equal to the 12 months expected credit losses or at an amount equal to the life time expected credit losses if the credit risk on the Financial asset has increased significantly since initial recognition. Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements 131 Notes to Standalone Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 134] Financial liabilities and equity instruments Classification as debt or equity Debt and equity instruments issued by a company are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in accordance with the substance of the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity instrument. Equity instruments An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity after deducting all of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Company are recognised at the proceeds received, net of directly attributable transaction costs. Financial liabilities: – Recognition and Initial Measurement: Financial liabilities are classified, at initial recognition, as at fair value through profit or loss, loans and borrowings, payables or as derivatives, as appropriate. All Financial liabilities are recognized initially at fair value and, in the case of loans and borrowings and payables, net of directly attributable transaction costs. – Subsequent Measurement: Financial liabilities are measured subsequently at amortized cost or FVTPL. A Financial liability is classified as FVTPL if it is classified as held-for-trading, or it is a derivative or it is designated as such on initial recognition. Financial liabilities at FVTPL are measured at fair value and net gains and losses, including any interest expense, are recognized in Statement of Profit and Loss. Other Financial liabilities are subsequently measured at amortized cost using the effective interest rate method. Interest expense and foreign exchange gains and losses are recognized in Statement of Profit and Loss. Any gain or loss on derecognition is also recognized in Statement of Profit and Loss. – Financial Guarantee Contracts Financial guarantee contracts issued by the company are those contracts that require a payment to be made to reimburse the holder for a loss it incurs because the specified debtor fails to make a payment when due in accordance with the terms of a debt instrument. Financial guarantee contracts are recognized initially as a liability at fair value, adjusted for transaction costs that are directly attributable to the issuance of the guarantee. Subsequently, the liability is measured at the higher of the amount of loss allowance determined as per impairment requirement of Ind AS 109 and the amount recognized less cumulative amortization. – Derecognition A Financial liability is derecognized when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled or expires. Offsetting Financial instruments Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount reported in the Balance Sheet when there is a legally enforceable right to offset the recognized amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net basis or realize the asset and settle the liability simultaneously. The legally enforceable right must not be contingent on future events and must be enforceable in the normal course of business and in the event of default, insolvency or bankruptcy of the counterparty. Derivative Financial instruments: The Company holds derivative financial instruments such as foreign exchange forward and options contracts to mitigate the risk of changes in exchange rates on foreign currency exposures. The counterparty for these contracts is generally a bank. The Company does not hold derivative Financial instruments for speculative purposes. Derivatives are initially recognised at fair value at the date the derivative contracts are entered into and are subsequently remeasured to their fair value at the end of each reporting period. The resulting gain or loss is recognised in Statement of profit and loss immediately. Share capital Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issuance of new ordinary shares and share options and buyback of ordinary shares are recognized as a deduction from equity, net of any tax effects. Offsetting financial instrument Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the balance sheet where there is a legally enforceable right to offset the recognised amounts and there is an intention to settle financial asset and liability on a net basis or realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously. 2.24 Operating Segment Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the Chief Operating Decision Maker (‘CODM’). The CODM comprises Board of directors, Vice Chairman & Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer which assesses the financial performance and position of the Company and makes strategic decisions. 2.25 Earnings Per Share Basic earnings per share are calculated by dividing the net profit or loss for the period attributable to equity shareholders Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 132 Notes to Standalone Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 135] by the weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the period. The weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the period is adjusted for events such as bonus issue, bonus element in a rights issue, share split, and reverse share split (consolidation of shares) that have changed the number of equity shares outstanding, without a corresponding change in resources. For the purpose of calculating diluted earnings per share, the net profit or loss for the period attributable to equity shareholders and the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the period are adjusted for the effect of all potentially dilutive equity shares. 2.26 Exceptional Items Exceptional items are transactions which due to their size or incidence are separately disclosed to enable a full understanding of the Company’s Financial performance. Items which may be considered exceptional are significant restructuring charges, gains or losses on disposal of investments of subsidiaries, associate and joint ventures and impairment losses/write down in the value of investment in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures and significant disposal of fixed assets. 2.27 Measurement of Fair Values A number of the Company’s accounting policies and disclosures require the measurement of fair values, for both Financial and non-Financial assets and liabilities. Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The fair value measurement is based on the presumption that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability takes place either: – In the principal market for the asset or liability, or – In the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market for the asset or liability. The principal or the most advantageous market must be accessible by the Company. The fair value of an asset or a liability is measured using the assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability, assuming that market participants act in their economic best interest. A fair value measurement of a non-Financial asset takes into account a market participant’s ability to generate economic benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling it to another market participant that would use the asset in its highest and best use. The Company uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufficient data are available to measure fair value, maximizing the use of relevant observable inputs and minimizing the use of unobservable inputs. All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the Financial statements are categorized within the fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based on the input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole: – Level 1 — Quoted (unadjusted) market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities – Level 2 — Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1, that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly; and – Level 3 — Inputs which are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability. External valuers are involved for valuation of significant assets & liabilities. Involvement of external valuers is decided by the management of the company considering the requirements of Ind As and selection criteria include market knowledge, reputation, independence and whether professional standards are maintained. 2.28 Research and development expenditure Research and development expenditure that do not meet the criteria for the recognition of intangible assets are recognised as an expense as incurred. Development costs previously recognised as an expense are not recognised as an asset in a subsequent period. 3 Recent accounting pronouncements On March 24, 2021, the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”) through a notification, amended Schedule III of the Companies Act, 2013. The amendments revise Division I, II and III of Schedule III and are applicable from April 1, 2021. Key amendments relating to Division II which relate to companies whose financial statements are required to comply with Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules 2015 are: Balance Sheet a. Lease liabilities should be separately disclosed under the head ‘financial liabilities’, duly distinguished as current or non-current. b. Certain additional disclosures in the statement of changes in equity such as changes in equity share capital due to prior period errors and restated balances at the beginning of the current reporting period. c. Specified format for disclosure of shareholding of promoters. d. Specified format for ageing schedule of trade receivables, trade payables, capital work-in-progress and intangible asset under development. Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements 133 Notes to Standalone Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 136] e. If a company has not used funds for the specific purpose for which it was borrowed from banks and financial institutions, then disclosure of details of where it has been used. f. Specific disclosure under ‘additional regulatory requirement’ such as compliance with approved schemes of arrangements, compliance with number of layers of companies, title deeds of immovable property not held in name of company, loans and advances to promoters, directors, key managerial personnel (KMP) and related parties, details of benami property held etc. Statement of profit and loss: a. Additional disclosures relating to Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR), undisclosed income and crypto or virtual currency specified under the head ‘additional information’ in the notes forming part of the standalone financial statements. The amendments are extensive and the Company will evaluate the same to give effect to them as required by law. 4 Significant Judgements and Key sources of Estimation in applying Accounting Policies Information about Significant judgements and Key sources of estimation made in applying accounting policies that have the most significant effects on the amounts recognized in the Financial statements is included in the following notes: a. Recognition of Deferred Tax Assets: The extent to which deferred tax assets can be recognized is based on an assessment of the probability of the Company’s future taxable income against which the deferred tax assets can be utilized. In addition, significant judgement is required in assessing the impact of any legal or economic limits. b. Useful lives of depreciable/ amortizable assets (tangible and intangible): Management reviews its estimate of the useful lives of depreciable/ amortizable assets at each reporting date, based on the expected utility of the assets. Uncertainties in these estimates relate to actual normal wear and tear that may change the utility of plant and equipment. c. Classification of Leases: The Company enters into leasing arrangements for various assets. The classification of the leasing arrangement as a finance lease or operating lease is based on an assessment of several factors, including, but not limited to, transfer of ownership of leased asset at end of lease term, lessee’s option to purchase and estimated certainty of exercise of such option, proportion of lease term to the asset’s economic life, proportion of present value of minimum lease payments to fair value of leased asset and extent of specialized nature of the leased asset. d. Defined Benefit Obligation (DBO): Employee benefit obligations are measured on the basis of actuarial assumptions which include mortality and withdrawal rates as well as assumptions concerning future developments in discount rates, medical cost trends, anticipation of future salary increases and the inflation rate. The Company considers that the assumptions used to measure its obligations are appropriate. However, any changes in these assumptions may have a material impact on the resulting calculations. e. Provisions and Contingencies: The assessments undertaken in recognizing provisions and contingencies have been made in accordance with Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS) 37, ‘Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets’. The evaluation of the likelihood of the contingent events is applied best judgement by management regarding the probability of exposure to potential loss. f. Impairment of Financial Assets: The Company reviews its carrying value of investments carried at amortized cost annually, or more frequently when there is indication of impairment. If recoverable amount is less than its carrying amount, the impairment loss is accounted for. g. Allowances for Doubtful Debts: The Company makes allowances for doubtful debts through appropriate estimations of irrecoverable amount. The identification of doubtful debts requires use of judgment and estimates. Where the expectation is different from the original estimate, such difference will impact the carrying value of the trade and other receivables and doubtful debts expenses in the period in which such estimate has been changed. h. Fair value measurement of Financial Instruments: When the fair values of Financial assets and Financial liabilities recorded in the balance sheet cannot be measured based on quoted prices in active markets, their fair value is measured using valuation techniques including the Discounted Cash Flow model. The input to these models are taken from observable markets where possible, but where this not feasible, a degree of judgement is required in establishing fair values. Judgements include considerations of inputs such as liquidity risk, credit risk and volatility. i. Warranty : Warranty Provision is measured at discounted present value using pre-tax discount rate that reflects the current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the liability. Product warranty liability and warranty expenses are recorded at the time the product is sold, if the claims of the customers under warranty are probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated. Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 134 Notes to Standalone Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 137] (H in Lakhs) Particulars Land free hold Land lease hold Land Office buildings Factory buildings Residential Building Electric installations Plant and machinery Tools and dies Fan, coolers, air conditioners etc. Office equipment Furniture and fixtures Vehicles Computers Total At cost or deemed cost Balance as at 31 March, 2019 542.10 651.72 1,017.64 454.03 4,611.51 – 637.15 12,454.99 2,294.78 376.85 247.80 1,500.80 540.22 452.71 24,588.48 Additions – – 176.18 10.52 2,732.16 464.95 631.33 3,357.68 533.75 120.48 200.85 425.24 282.96 115.50 9,051.60 Disposals – – – – – – – 130.49 122.45 0.38 – 7.45 15.77 4.51 281.05 Balance as at 31 March, 2020 542.10 651.72 1,193.82 464.55 7,343.67 464.95 1,268.48 15,682.18 2,706.08 496.95 448.65 1,918.59 807.41 563.70 33,359.03 Additions – – – – 440.67 – 116.79 3,885.85 1,006.30 28.93 100.42 151.40 241.39 185.42 6,157.17 Disposals – – – – 3.37 – 2.27 190.03 0.08 1.94 1.12 1.33 109.25 91.81 401.21 Balance as at 31 March, 2021 542.10 651.72 1,193.82 464.55 7,780.96 464.95 1,383.00 19,378.00 3,712.30 523.94 547.95 2,068.66 939.55 657.31 39,114.99 Accumulated depreciation and impairment i. Accumulated depreciation Balance as at 31 March, 2019 – 23.67 23.67 13.39 416.72 – 151.42 2,228.03 442.44 180.14 82.04 273.35 210.48 244.82 4,266.50 Charge for the Year – 7.89 7.89 7.89 231.48 12.27 103.69 1,398.39 328.44 83.52 63.57 174.14 77.40 121.35 2,610.03 Disposals – – – – – – – 78.58 1.06 0.37 – 2.90 10.94 0.79 94.64 Balance as at 31 March, 2020 – 31.56 31.56 21.28 648.20 12.27 255.11 3,547.84 769.82 263.29 145.61 444.59 276.94 365.38 6,781.89 Charge for the Year – 7.90 7.90 6.95 310.28 12.27 136.01 1,646.00 222.62 76.77 86.26 189.83 106.28 125.60 2,926.77 Disposals – – – – 0.04 – 0.56 39.98 0.01 0.91 0.45 0.28 89.82 86.47 218.52 Balance as at 31 March, 2021 – 39.46 39.46 28.23 958.45 24.54 390.56 5,153.86 992.43 339.15 231.42 634.15 293.39 404.51 9,490.14 ii. Impairment Losses Balance as at 31 March, 2019 – – – – – – – 56.80 6.45 – – – – – 63.25 Additions – – – – – – – 240.00 – – – – – – 240.00 Disposals – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – Balance as at 31 March, 2020 – – – – – – – 296.80 6.45 – – – – – 303.25 Additions – – – – – – – 205.00 – – – – – – 205.00 Disposals – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – Balance as at 31 March, 2021 – – – – – – – 501.80 6.45 – – – – – 508.25 Net carrying amount As at 31 March, 2020 542.10 620.16 1,162.26 443.27 6,695.47 452.68 1,013.37 11,837.54 1,929.81 233.66 303.04 1,474.00 530.47 198.32 26,273.89 As at 31 March, 2021 542.10 612.26 1,154.36 436.32 6,822.52 440.41 992.44 13,722.34 2,713.42 184.79 316.53 1,434.51 646.15 252.80 29,116.60 5 Property, plant and equipment Notes: i. Free hold land includes land purchased in auction held by a Nationalised bank in the year 2016-17 marked as Plot no C 2/1,selaqui, Dehradun, Uttarakhand and registered in the name of the company. During the said year and thereafter, a party has instituted legal case disputing our ownership of the said land at various courts/ tribunals, including Hon’ble Debt Recovery Tribunal at Lucknow and Dehradun (‘DRT’) and Hon’ble Debt Recovery Appellate Tribunal, Allahabad (‘DRAT’) and Hon’ble Nainital High Court. The matters contested at DRT and DRAT has been decided in the favour of the Company. Further, the Company, being bonafide purchaser of the said land under the auction carried out by the Bank as per SARFAESI Act, 2002 is successfully defending the matters at Hon’ble Nainital High Court. As on date, the matter is sub-judice. The cost of land is H 250.34 Lakhs and capital assets created thereon as on 31 March, 2021 is H 1,754.36 Lakhs. ii. Information of the assets pledge as security, refer note 17, 21 and 35. Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements 135 Notes to Standalone Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 138] (H in Lakhs) Particulars Computer Software At cost or deemed cost Balance as at 31 March, 2019 568.58 Additions 50.97 Disposals – Balance as at 31 March, 2020 619.55 Additions 58.06 Disposals – Balance as at 31 March, 2021 677.61 Accumulated amortisation Balance as at 31 March, 2019 99.75 Charge for the year 87.10 Disposals – Balance as at 31 March, 2020 186.85 Charge for the Year 103.37 Disposals – Balance as at 31 March, 2021 290.22 Net carrying amount At 31 March, 2020 432.70 At 31 March, 2021 387.39 6 Intangible assets (H in Lakhs) Particulars As at 31 March 2021 As at 31 March 2020 Nos. Amount Nos. Amount Investment in equity instrument (Unquoted, at cost) a. In subsidiary companies Dixon Global Private Limited Equity shares of H 10 Each 10,00,000 100.01 10,00,000 100.01 Padget Electronics Private Limited Equity shares of H 10 Each 1,50,00,000 3,450.00 1,50,00,000 3,450.00 Dixon Electro Appliances Private Limited Equity shares of H 10 Each 10,000 1.00 10,000 1.00 Dixon Electro Manufacturing Private Limited Equity shares of H 10 Each 10,000 1.00 – – Dixon Technologies Solutions Private Limited Equity shares of H 10 Each 10,000 1.00 – – b. In jointly control company AIL Dixon Technologies Private Limited Equity shares of H 10 Each 95,00,000 950.00 95,00,000 950.00 4,503.01 4,501.01 7 Investments A. Non-current investments Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 136 Notes to Standalone Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 139] Notes: I. Information of subsidiaries and jointly controlled company Name of entity Principal activity Place of incorporation Principal place of business Proportion of ownership interest/ voting rights held by the group As at 31 March 2021 As at 31 March 2020 Subsidiary company Dixon Global Private Limited Trading Noida, India Noida, India 100% 100% Padget Electronics Private Limited Manufacturing Noida, India Noida, India 100% 100% Dixon Electro Appliances Private Limited Manufacturing Noida, India Noida, India 100% 100% Dixon Electro Manufacturing Private Limited* Manufacturing Noida, India Noida, India 100% – Dixon Technologies Solutions Private Limited* Manufacturing Noida, India Noida, India 100% – Jointly control companies AIL Dixon Technologies Private Limited Manufacturing Noida, India Andhra Pradesh, India 50% 50% * During the year, ‘Dixon Electro Manufacturing Private Limited’ and ‘Dixon Technologies Solutions Private Limited’ have been incorporated, as wholly owned subsidiaries of the Company. II. Operation details of jointly control Company AIL Dixon Technologies Private Limited (H in Lakhs) Particulars Year Ended 31 March 2021 Year Ended 31 March 2020 Income 23,144.26 21,641.53 Expenses 22,583.31 21,195.65 (H in Lakhs) Particulars As at 31 March 2021 As at 31 March 2020 Assets 18,162.22 16,799.19 Liabilities 16,446.98 15,488.33 Contingent liabilities – – Commitments (net of advance) 10.29 0.10 Note: The operations are disclosed to the extent of the share of the Company B. Current investments (H in Lakhs) Particulars As at 31 March 2021 As at 31 March 2020 Units Amount Units Amount i. Investment in Mutual fund (Quoted, at fair value) – SBI Mutual Fund - Overnight Fund 1,66,138 5,514.68 – – – Axis Overnight Fund 2,77,015 3,010.07 – – – ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund 9,03,698 1,000.56 – – 9,525.31 – Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements 137 Notes to Standalone Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 140] (H in Lakhs) Particulars As at 31 March 2021 As at 31 March 2020 I. Non-current a. Amount paid under protest to government authorities 210.94 220.45 b. Security deposits 826.08 636.59 1,037.02 857.04 II. Current a. Loan and advances to related party – 428.00 b. Security deposits 51.55 – c. Advances to employees (see note below) 404.33 118.84 d. Amount receivables from government authorities (Incentive receivables and refund recoverable) 617.43 773.73 e. Outstanding forward Marked to Market (MTM) – 1,047.43 f. Other receivables 26.69 218.82 1,100.00 2,586.82 Note Advances to employess includes amount due from directors/ officers of the Company 126.84 57.87 8 Other financial assets (H in Lakhs) Particulars As at 31 March 2021 As at 31 March 2020 I. Non-current a. Capital advances 1,614.09 1,802.56 b. Other advances considered doubtful 27.73 28.58 Less : Provision for doubtful advances (27.73) (28.58) - – 1,614.09 1,802.56 II. Current a. Balance with Government Authorities (see note below) 8,738.48 6,193.68 b. Advances to suppliers 3,921.78 857.97 c. Prepaid expenses 350.53 302.01 13,010.79 7,353.66 Note Balance with government authorities includes goods and service tax, custom duty etc. 9 Other assets (H in Lakhs) Particulars As at 31 March 2021 As at 31 March 2020 a. Raw materials and packing materials etc. – in stock 30,226.44 21,614.30 – in transit 13,818.55 3,167.62 b. Work-in-progress 8,335.45 9,672.21 c. Finished goods 3,163.22 1,945.63 55,543.66 36,399.76 10 Inventories (Lower of cost and net realisable value) Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 138 Notes to Standalone Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 141] (H in Lakhs) Particulars As at 31 March 2021 As at 31 March 2020 a. Unsecured, considered good 1,00,300.22 42,861.23 b. Unsecured, considered doubtful 142.33 144.88 1,00,442.55 43,006.11 Less: Allowances for doubtful debts (expected credit loss allowances) (Refer Note 40) (142.33) (144.88) Total 1,00,300.22 42,861.23 Note i. The above amount of trade receivables also includes amount receivable from its related parties (refer note 46). 7,286.36 90.09 ii. The average credit period on sale of goods is 30 days to 60 days. No interest is charged on overdue trade receivables. 11 Trade receivables (H in Lakhs) Particulars As at 31 March 2021 As at 31 March 2020 a. Balances with banks - in current accounts 3,570.79 9,299.99 b. Cash on hand 34.33 34.59 3,605.12 9,334.58 12 Cash and cash equivalents (H in Lakhs) Particulars As at 31 March 2021 As at 31 March 2020 a. Margin money deposits (see note below) 487.65 433.95 b. Unpaid dividend accounts 0.42 0.32 488.07 434.27 Note Margin Money deposit balances are more than 3 month but less than 12 months. Margin money is held against letter of credit. 13 Other bank balances (H in Lakhs) Particulars As at 31 March 2021 As at 31 March 2020 a. Loan to related parties (see notes below) – Unsecured, considered good 5,900.00 5,900.00 – Note i. Disclosure of loans and advances in the nature of loans given to subsidiaries, associates and other companies in which directors are interested as required by Schedule V to the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 is as under: 14 Loans Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements 139 Notes to Standalone Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 142] (H in Lakhs) Particulars Amount outstanding As at 31 March 2021 As at 31 March 2020 AIL Dixon Technologies Private Limited 500.00 – (Maximum amount outstanding during the year H 500.00 lakhs Padget Electronic Private Limited 5,400.00 – (Maximum amount outstanding during the year H 5,400.00 lakhs 5,900.00 – ii. Above loans and advances have been given for working capital purposes and are repayable on demand. These loans are interest bearing at the rate 7% to 8.5%. (H in Lakhs) Particulars As at 31 March 2021 As at 31 March 2020 No of shares Amount No of shares Amount Authorised Equity shares of H 2 each (Previous year H 10 each) 13,00,00,000 2,600.00 2,60,00,000 2,600.00 Issued, subscribed and paid-up Equity shares of H 2 each fully paid up (Previous year H 10 each) 5,85,69,355 1,171.39 1,15,70,141 1,157.01 5,85,69,355 1,171.39 1,15,70,141 1,157.01 a. Reconciliation of equity shares Balance as at the beginning of the year 1,15,70,141 1,157.01 1,13,25,091 1,132.51 Equity shares arising on shares split from H 10 to H 2 per share (Refer note below) 4,62,80,564 – – – Share issued under employees stock option scheme 718,650 14.38 2,45,050 24.50 Balance as at the end of the year 5,85,69,355 1,171.39 1,15,70,141 1,157.01 15 Equity share capital Note: Pursuant to the approval of the shareholders accorded on 7 March, 2021 vide postal ballot conducted by the Company, each equity share of face value of H 10 per share was sub-divided into five equity shares of face value of H 2 per share, with effect from 19 March, 2021. b. Terms and rights of equity shareholders The Company has only one class of equity shares having par value of H 2 per share (Previous year H 10 per share). Each holder of equity shares is entitled to one vote per share. In the event of liquidation of the company, the holders of equity shares will be entitled to receive remaining assets of the company, after distribution of all preferential amounts. The distribution will be in proportion to the number of equity shares held by each share holders. There is no restriction on distribution of dividend, however, the same is subject to the approval of the share holders in the annual general meeting except in the case of interim dividend. (H in Lakhs) Particulars As at 31 March 2021 As at 31 March 2020 Mr. Sunil Vachani No’s of shares 1,98,09,520 2,00,56,040 % holding 33.82% 34.67% c. Details of shares held by share holders holding more than 5% of the aggregate shares in the Company. Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 140 Notes to Standalone Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 143] (H in Lakhs) Particulars As at 31 March 2021 As at 31 March 2020 Cash dividends on equity shares declared and paid Final dividend for the year ended on 31 March 2019: H 2 per share – 226.50 Dividend Distribution Tax on final dividend – 46.56 Interim dividend for the year ended on 31 March 2020: H 4 per share – 462.81 Dividend Distribution Tax on interim dividend – 2.63 – 735.87 Proposed dividends on Equity shares Final dividend for the year ended on 31 March 2021: H 1 per share (previous year H Nil per share) 585.69 – Dividend Distribution Tax on proposed dividend 103.37 – 689.06 – d. Summary of dividend and proposed dividend (H in Lakhs) Particulars As at 31 March 2021 As at 31 March 2020 Mrs. Kamla Vachani No’s of shares 44,93,965 49,40,220 % holding 7.67% 8.54% SBI Magnum Global Fund No’s of shares – 47,78,470 % holding – 8.26% Reliance Capital Trustee Company Limited A/C Reliance Growth Fund No’s of shares – 38,56,010 % holding – 6.67% The Board of Directors have recommended a final dividend of 50 % ( H 1.00 per Equity Share of H 2.00 each) for the financial year 2020-2021 subject to the approval of the shareholders in the ensuing Annual General Meeting of the Company. e. Shares allotted as fully paid pursuant to contract(s) without payment being received in cash during the period of five years immediately preceding the reporting date The Company has allotted 62,77,337 fully paid up shares of face value H 10 each during the year ended 31 March 2017, pursuant to bonus issue approved by share holders in the Extra Ordinary general meeting held on 20th September, 2016 and Company has allotted 4 bonus shares for every 3 shares held. f. Shares held by Holding or ultimate Holding company The company doesn’t have any Holding or ultimate Holding company. g. Initial Public Offer The Company had made an Initial Public Offer (IPO) during the year ended 31st March 2018, for 33,93,425 equity shares of H 10 each, comprising of 3,39,750 fresh issue of equity shares by the Company and 30,53,675 equity shares offered for sale by share holders. The equity shares were issued at a price of H 1,766 per share (including premium of H 1,756 per share). Out of the total proceeds from the IPO of H 59,928 Lakhs, the Company’s share was H 5999.99 Lakhs from the fresh issue of 339,750 equity shares. Fresh equity shares were allotted by the Company on 14th September 2017 and the shares of the Company were listed on the stock exchanges on 18th September 2017. h. Shares reserved for issue under option For details of shares reserved for issue and shares issued under the Employee Stock Option Plan (ESOP) of the Company, refer note 41. These options are granted to the employees subject to cancellation under circumstance of his cessation of employment with the Company on or before the vesting date. Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements 141 Notes to Standalone Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 144] (H in Lakhs) Particulars As at 31 March 2021 As at 31 March 2020 a. General reserve 1,603.49 1,110.71 b. Securities premium 16,821.03 14,149.23 c. Capital redemption reserve 33.24 33.24 d. Other comprehensive income (120.60) (115.43) e. Share option outstanding account 871.73 426.61 f. Retained earnings 49,852.30 34,655.10 69,061.19 50,259.46 a. General reserve Opening balance 1,110.71 704.94 Transfer for share option exercised during the year 492.78 405.77 Closing balance 1,603.49 1,110.71 b. Securities premium Opening balance 14,149.23 9,604.05 Add: Premium on issue of share under employees stock option scheme (see note 41) 2,671.80 4,545.18 Closing balance 16,821.03 14,149.23 c. Capital redemption reserve Opening balance 33.24 33.24 Closing balance 33.24 33.24 d. Other comprehensive income- Remeasurement of defined benefit plans Opening balance (115.43) (65.84) Movement during the year (5.17) (49.59) Closing balance (120.60) (115.43) e. Share option outstanding Opening balance 426.61 264.26 Add : Granted/ vested during the year 937.90 568.12 Less : Exercised during the year (Refer note 41) 492.78 (405.77) Closing balance 871.73 426.61 f. Retained earnings Opening balance 34,655.10 24,333.14 Add : Profit for the year 15,197.20 11,060.46 Less: Appropriation Final dividend on equity shares – 226.50 Dividend distribution tax on final dividend – 46.56 Interim dividend on equity shares – 462.81 Dividend distribution tax on interim dividend – 2.63 Closing balance 49,852.30 34,655.10 16 Other equity Notes: a. General reserve: The Company had transferred a part of the net profit of the Company to general reserve in earlier years. It also includes amount transferred to general reserve for share option exercised during the year and earlier years. b. Share premium: The amount received in excess of the face value of the equity shares issued by the Company is recognised in securities premium. Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 142 Notes to Standalone Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 145] c. Capital Redemption reserve: The reserve has been created by buy back of equity shares and fully convertible cumulative participatory preference shares d. Other comprehensive income: Other comprehensive income comprises the balance of remeasurement of retirement benefit plans. e. Share option outstanding: The above reserve relates to share options granted by the Company to its employees under its employee share option plan. f. Retained earnings: Retained earnings are profits of the Company earned till date less transferred to other reserves and dividend paid during the year. (H in Lakhs) Particulars As at 31 March 2021 As at 31 March 2020 i. From banks (Secured) a. Foreign currency loans – Standard Chartered Bank (see note ‘a’ below) – 266.07 b. Rupee loan Term Loan – HDFC Bank Limited (see note ‘c’ below) 2,000.00 – – Qatar National bank (see note ‘b’ below) 3,650.00 650.00 – Vehicle Loans (see note ‘d’ below) 120.52 200.24 5,770.52 1,116.31 ii. From others (Secured) – Tata Capital Housing Finance Limited (see note ‘e’ below) 153.13 164.05 – Vehicle Loans (see note ‘d’ below) 7.00 24.54 160.13 188.59 Total 5,930.65 1,304.90 Less: Current maturities of long term borrowings (refer note 18) 292.68 347.74 5,637.97 957.16 17 Borrowings (at amortised cost) Notes: a. USD 20,00,000 Foreign currency loan (sanctioned) from Standard Chartered Bank was secured against first pari passu charge on movable Property, Plant and Equipment excluding vehicles (both Present & future), and on immovable Plot B-14-15, Phase-II, Noida (UP) (including building) and second charges on current assets (both Present and future), further secured by personal guarantee of Chairman Mr. Sunil Vachani which was released on loan repayment and was repayable in 17 Quarterly instalments from December, 2016. Loan fully repaid on December, 2020. Rate of interest was Libor+275 BPS and loan was fully hedged. b. Term loan of H 3,650 lakhs from Qatar bank is repayable in 8 half yearly instalments including two year moratorium, 40% in 4 equal half yearly instalments from 31 July, 2022 and remaining 60% in rest 4 equal half yearly instalments . Rate of interest on loan is linked to one year MCLR +1.10%of bank and interest is to be paid on monthly basis. The loan is secured against exclusive charge on land, building and machinery situted at plot no 30 & 31 EMC 2 Tirupati , Chittoor (Andhrapradesh), current assets and including cash flows of the said project with security cover of 1.25 times and exclusive mortgage and hypothecation charge on current assets. c. Term loan of H 2,000 lakhs from HDFC bank is repayable in 5 years including one year moratorium followed by 20%, 20%, 30%, and 30% repayment in 2nd, 3rd, 4th and 5th year respectively. Rate of interest on loan is linked to 6 month MCLR+.60% of bank and interest is to be paid on monthly basis. The loan is secured against exclusive charge on movable fixed assets of the company located in 262M, Central Hope Town, Selakui, Dehradun and C/1 Selakui Industrial Area, Dehradun, first pari passu charge on all movable Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements 143 Notes to Standalone Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 146] fixed assets of the company (except those exclusively charged with other banks), and exclusive charge on immovable property located at Plot No C-2/1, UPSIDC Industrial Area, Selakui, Dehradun. d. Vehicle loans are secured by way of hypothecation of the related assets. These are repayable in maximum sixty equal monthly instalments, repayment period is from 2017 ending on 2022, bearing interest rate varying from 8.70% p.a to 10.06% p.a. e. Loan is secured by mortgage of the related asset and is repayable in 120 monthly instalments from August’ 2017 to August’ 2027 bearing interest rate of 9.15% p.a. (H in Lakhs) Particulars As at 31 March 2021 As at 31 March 2020 A) Non Current Payable for Lease Obligation 8,541.90 8,127.36 8,541.90 8,127.36 B) Current a. Current maturities of long term borrowings (see note ‘i’ below) 292.68 347.74 b. Outstanding forward Marked to Market (MTM) 109.88 – c. Unpaid dividend 0.42 0.32 d. Interest accrued but not due on Borrowings 16.13 15.27 e. Payable for Capital Goods 1,045.27 278.66 f. Payable for Lease Obligation 655.95 439.31 2,120.33 1,081.30 18 Other financial liabilities Notes: i. For security clause and repayment terms of borrowings, refer note 17. (H in Lakhs) Particulars As at 31 March 2021 As at 31 March 2020 A) Non Current a. Provision for employee benefit i. Provision for gratuity (see note 42) 771.08 625.80 ii. Provision for compensated absences 58.82 – 829.90 625.80 B) Current a. Provision for employee benefits i. Provision for gratuity (see note 42) 103.82 66.78 ii. Provision for compensated absences 15.17 – b. Provision for warranty (see note below) 424.47 371.63 543.46 438.41 Note: Movement in provision for warranty Opening balance 371.63 287.19 Addition provision made during the year 761.96 544.76 Claim paid / adjustments during the year 709.12 460.32 Closing provision 424.47 371.63 Basis of warranty: The Company gives thirty months warranty on LED bulbs and twelve months warranties on television and washing machines. LED bulbs are replaced with new bulbs and in respect of televisions and washing machines defective part is changed 19 Provisions Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 144 Notes to Standalone Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 147] (H in Lakhs) Particulars As at 31 March 2021 As at 31 March 2020 a. Deferred tax liability i. Arising on account of timing differences in depreciation 1,717.87 1,479.42 b. Deferred tax assets i. Arising on account of timing differences in accrued expenses 262.85 221.92 1,455.02 1,257.50 20 Deferred tax liabilities (net) Note: For deferred tax movement and tax reconciliation refer note 33. (H in Lakhs) Particulars As at 31 March 2021 As at 31 March 2020 a. From Banks (Secured) i. Buyer Credits (Refer note ‘a’) 7,125.27 2,377.97 b. From Banks (Un Secured) i. Commercial Paper (Refer note ‘b’) – 2,500.00 c. From Related Parties (Un Secured) i. Padget Electronics Private Limited (Refer note ‘c’) – 1,420.00 7,125.27 6,297.97 21 Borrowings (at amortised cost) Note: a. Borrowings from banks (comprising of Libor financing -Buyer Credit backed by SBLC/Bank guarntee) are secured on pari-passu basis over all the present and future book debts and stock-in-trade comprising of raw material, Components, work in progress and finished goods. These are further secured by first pari-passu charge on entire block of (present and future) Property, Plant and Equipment comprising of land, building, plant and machinery etc. coupled with equitable mortgage of land and property at B-14 & B-15, Phase-II and Exclusive Charge over C-33 Phase II Noida (UP) and Exclusive Charge over Industrial Property located at Plot 18, Block B, Phase II, Noida (UP), Exclusive Charge over Industrial Property located Khasra No. 1050, Central Hope Town, Industrial Area, Selaqui, Dehradun (Uttarakhand), exclusive Charge on movable Fixed Assets of the unit located at plot no 262M, Industrial area, Central hope Town, Selaqui, and District – Dehradun (both Present and Future). First Pari Passu Charge over Movable Fixed Assets of unit located at C-1 Selaqui industrial Area, Dehradun (Uttrakhand). First Pari Passu charge over current assets of Co- borrower (DGPL), both present and future for Co-borrowers Limits. First Pari Passu Charge (with Bank’s overseas Business Unit only) on the entire moveable fixed assets (except those exclusively charged to other lenders) of the borrower, both present and future. Second Pari Passu Charge by way of equitable mortgage over the immovable fixed assets at plot no 14 & 15, Block B, Phase 2, Noida Uttar Pradesh. Second Pari Passu Charge on the entire equitable mortgage over the immovable fixed assets (except those exclusively charged to other lenders) at plot no 14 & 15, Block B, Phase 2, Noida Uttar Pradesh. b. During the previous year, Commercial paper for H 2,500 lakhs were issued through IPA account with HDFC bank to HDFC bank on 5 March, 2020 for a period of 90 days. c. During the previous year, H 1,420 lakhs was repayable to Padget Electronics Private Limited, related company of group. Interest at 3 months SBI MCLR is charged on outstanding balances. (H in Lakhs) Particulars As at 31 March 2021 As at 31 March 2020 a. Total outstanding dues of micro and small enterprises* 5,159.90 1,526.59 b. Total outstanding dues of others 137,193.84 69,876.91 142,353.74 71,403.50 22 Trade payables * For detailed disclosure of micro and small enterprises see note 36 Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements 145 Notes to Standalone Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 148] (H in Lakhs) Particulars As at 31 March 2021 As at 31 March 2020 a. Advances received from customers 61.00 45.45 b. Statutory dues payable 2,991.32 458.30 3,052.32 503.75 23 Other current liabilities (H in Lakhs) Particulars As at 31 March 2021 As at 31 March 2020 Provision for income tax (net) 8.04 20.12 8.04 20.12 24 Current tax liabilities (H in Lakhs) Particulars Year Ended 31 March 2021 Year Ended 31 March 2020 A. Revenue from contracts with customers disaggregated based on nature of product or service a. Revenue from sale of products Manufactured goods 5,59,031.55 3,63,131.86 5,59,031.55 3,63,131.86 b. Revenue from sale of services Service charges received 60.00 60.00 Job work charges 8,285.30 3,649.24 8,345.30 3,709.24 c. Other operating revenue Export benefits 17.21 5.68 Rent received (production facility charges) 66.09 63.52 GST incentive on area base exemption – 162.38 Other incentive – 77.26 83.30 308.84 Total revenue from operations 5,67,460.15 3,67,149.94 B. Disaggregated revenue information The table below presents disaggregated revenue from contact with customers for the year ended March 2021 and March 2020. The Company believes that this disaggregation best depicts how the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenues and cash flows are affected by industry, market and other economic factors Revenue from contracts with customers disaggregated based on geography a. Domestic 5,66,726.38 3,66,485.36 b. Exports 650.47 355.74 5,67,376.85 3,66,841.10 C. Reconciliation of Gross Revenue from Contracts With Customers Total Revenue from Contract with Customers 5,59,113.18 3,66,692.24 Add: Cash Discount, Rebates, sales return etc (81.63) (3,560.38) Net Revenue recognised from Contracts with Customers 5,59,031.55 3,63,131.86 25 Revenue from operations Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 146 Notes to Standalone Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 149] (H in Lakhs) Particulars Year Ended 31 March 2021 Year Ended 31 March 2020 Interest income – On fixed deposits/ margin money 33.67 172.20 – Others 106.59 64.88 Other non operating income Other receipts – 6.13 Dividend received – 450.00 Rent Waiver income 56.66 – Provision for doubtful debts / loans and advances written back 4.07 225.04 Income from Mutual fund Investment 37.98 – Excess liabilities, credit balances, provisions etc. written back – 1.49 238.97 919.74 26 Other income (H in Lakhs) Particulars Year Ended 31 March 2021 Year Ended 31 March 2020 Opening Stock 21,614.30 17,627.94 Add: Purchase (Including Components) 5,14,682.47 3,25,197.59 5,36,296.77 3,42,825.53 Less: Closing Stock 30,226.44 21,614.30 5,06,070.33 3,21,211.23 27 Cost of materials consumed (H in Lakhs) Particulars Year Ended 31 March 2021 Year Ended 31 March 2020 Inventories at the beginning of the year Finished Goods 1,945.63 2,281.72 Work in Progress 9,672.21 6,178.71 11,617.84 8,460.43 Inventories at the end of the Year Finished Goods 3,163.22 1,945.63 Work in Progress 8,335.45 9,672.21 11,498.67 11,617.84 (Increase)/Decrease 119.17 (3,157.41) 28 Changes in inventories of finished goods and work-in-progress (H in Lakhs) Particulars Year Ended 31 March 2021 Year Ended 31 March 2020 Salaries and wages 9,181.11 8,480.75 Contribution to provident and other funds 563.70 452.50 Provision for gratuity 193.99 148.07 Share based payments to employees 937.90 568.12 Staff welfare expense 1,671.95 1,224.46 12,548.65 10,873.90 29 Employee benefits expense Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements 147 Notes to Standalone Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 150] (H in Lakhs) Particulars Year Ended 31 March 2021 Year Ended 31 March 2020 Interest on borrowings 1,897.22 3,000.80 Interest on lease obligation 676.35 449.23 Other financial charges 17.54 59.89 2,591.11 3,509.92 30 Finance costs (H in Lakhs) Particulars Year Ended 31 March 2021 Year Ended 31 March 2020 On property, plant and equipment 2,926.77 2,610.03 On intangible assets 103.37 87.10 On right of use assets 815.57 481.17 3,845.71 3,178.30 31 Depreciation and amortisation expense (H in Lakhs) Particulars Year Ended 31 March 2021 Year Ended 31 March 2020 Consumption of stores and spares 862.91 460.40 Contractor wages and job work charges 11,433.89 10,018.59 Service charge paid 195.96 0.11 Power and fuel 2,406.19 2,038.89 Rent 518.63 282.19 Repairs and maintenance: – for buildings 110.50 76.89 – for Plant and equipment 197.29 177.06 – for others 287.27 253.41 Insurance 417.16 257.39 Rates and taxes 156.30 177.43 Selling and distribution expenses 2,420.85 1,490.40 Donations 10.85 3.77 Director’s sitting fees 12.60 7.70 Payment to auditors (refer note below) 32.02 28.70 Bad debts write off 3.22 394.12 Exchange fluctuations (net) 65.82 132.09 Loss on sale of property, plant and equipment 32.93 29.01 Corporate social responsibility expenses (see note 43) 192.75 109.07 Provision for impairment of property, plant and equipment 205.00 240.00 Bank charges 503.65 363.46 Miscellaneous expenses 1,841.86 1,672.52 21,907.65 18,213.20 32 Other expenses Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 148 Notes to Standalone Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 151] (H in Lakhs) Particulars Year Ended 31 March 2021 Year Ended 31 March 2020 Statutory auditors Audit Fees 23.68 21.00 Tax Audit Fees 3.00 3.00 Out of pocket expenses 1.49 0.95 28.17 24.95 Other auditor Payment to Cost Auditor 3.85 3.75 32.02 28.70 Note: Payment to auditors comprises: (H in Lakhs) Particulars Year Ended 31 March 2021 Year Ended 31 March 2020 Current Tax 5,343.56 3,645.33 Deferred Tax 199.35 (523.72) 5,542.91 3,121.61 Income Tax for earlier years (net) (124.01) 58.47 Tax expenses for the year 5,418.90 3,180.08 A. Reconciliation of income tax expense to statutory income tax rate of income Profit before tax 20,616.10 14,240.54 Income tax Rate 25.17% 25.63% Estimated income tax expense 5,188.66 3,649.22 Tax effect of adjustments to reconcile expected Income tax expense to reported Income tax expense : Non taxable income/expense (net) 51.24 (115.32) Defer Tax reversal due to tax rate change – (479.55) Others 303.01 67.25 Income Tax expense in the Statement of Profit and Loss 5,542.91 3,121.61 B. Movement in the deferred tax liabilities (net): Deferred tax (net) a. Deferred tax liability 1,717.87 1,479.42 b. Deferred tax assets 262.85 221.92 – others 262.85 221.92 1,455.02 1,257.50 33 Tax expense (H in Lakhs) Particulars As at 1 April, 2020 Recognised in Profit and loss Recognised in OCI As at 31 March, 2021 Deferred tax liabilities – Depreciation 1,479.42 238.45 – 1,717.87 1,479.42 238.45 – 1,717.87 Deferred tax assets – Expenses allowed on payment basis 221.92 39.10 1.83 262.85 221.92 39.10 1.83 262.85 1,257.50 199.35 (1.83) 1,455.02 Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements 149 Notes to Standalone Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 152] (H in Lakhs) Particulars As at 1 April, 2019 Recognised in Profit and loss Recognised in OCI As at 31 March, 2020 Deferred tax liabilities – Depreciation 2,161.26 (681.84) – 1,479.42 2,161.26 (681.84) – 1,479.42 Deferred tax assets – Expenses allowed on payment basis 174.14 30.70 17.08 221.92 – Others 188.82 (188.82) – – 362.96 (158.12) 17.08 221.92 1,798.30 (523.72) (17.08) 1,257.50 (H in Lakhs) Particulars As at 31 March 2021 As at 31 March 2020 a. Contingent liabilities Contingent liabilities not provided in respect of i. Letters of Credit (outstanding) 1,03,342.01 59,018.88 ii. Guarantees issued by bankers on behalf of Company (These are covered by the charge created in favour of Company’s banker by way of hypothecation of stock and trade receivables besides pledge of fixed deposits as margin money) 1,758.54 1,435.39 iii. Corporate guarantees given to Banks on behalf of subsidiary for purpose of financial assistance. 32,300.00 6,000.00 iv. Bill discounting with banks 7,116.55 9,590.98 v. a) Bond given to custom department on behalf of the joint venture company 1,400.00 1,400.00 b) Bond given to custom department under AEO 6,170.00 950.00 vi. Claims against the Company not acknowledged as debt a. Income tax 2,348.03 754.81 b. Sales tax 216.25 224.35 c. Goods and service tax 26.47 11.20 d. Excise custom duty and service tax 1,723.07 1,501.93 e. Other disputes 19.02 35.69 Summary of amount paid under protest i. Sales tax 38.85 43.04 ii. Excise custom duty and service tax 162.06 162.06 iii. Goods and service tax 10.03 11.20 iv. Other disputes – 4.15 210.94 220.45 34 Contingent liabilities and commitments (to the extent not provided for) Future cash outflows in respect of the above matters are determinable only on receipt of judgments / decisions pending at various forums / authorities. b. Contingent assets The Company is eligible for various incentive schemes as notified by State Governments however due to uncertainties on the collection of amount the Company has not recognised incentive income of H 523.00 lakhs. c. Capital commitments: Commitments for acquisition of property, plant and equipment (net of advances) 578.50 2,777.02 Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 150 Notes to Standalone Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 153] d. During the year, the Company has availed Non Fund based LC Limits of H 93,000 Lakh from various Banks to import raw material relating to manufacture of finished goods in LED TV Business which has been backed by 105% Bank Guarantee amounting to H 97,000 Lakh. e. The Company has other commitments, for purchase of goods and services and employee benefits, in the normal course of business. f. There are no amount which were required to be transferred to Investor Education and Protection Fund by the Company. g. The Company did not have any long term contracts including derivative contracts for which there were any material foreseeable losses. 35 Assets mortgaged as security The carrying amount of assets mortgaged as security for current and non-current borrowings are : (H in Lakhs) Particulars As at 31 March 2021 As at 31 March 2020 Current assets: Financial assets Trade receivables 1,00,300.22 42,861.23 Inventories (excluding in transit) 41,725.11 33,232.14 Total current assets mortgaged as security 1,42,025.33 76,093.37 Non-current: Land (Freehold and leasehold) 1,154.36 911.92 Vehicles 267.94 530.47 Buildings 5,625.78 4,170.30 Plant and machinery 19,364.03 10,371.70 Total non-currents assets mortgaged as security 26,412.12 15,984.39 Total assets mortgaged as security 1,68,437.45 92,077.76 (H in Lakhs) Particulars As at 31 March 2021 As at 31 March 2020 a. Principal amount and the interest due thereon remaining unpaid to any supplier at the end of each accounting year – Principal amount 5,159.90 1,526.59 – interest due – – b. the amount of interest paid by the buyer in terms of section 16 of the Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006 (27 of 2006), along with the amount of the payment made to the supplier beyond the appointed day during each accounting year – – c. the amount of interest due and payable for the period of delay in making payment (which has been paid but beyond the appointed day during the year) but without adding the interest specified under the Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006 – – d. the amount of interest accrued and remaining unpaid at the end of each accounting year – – e. the amount of further interest remaining due and payable even in the succeeding years, until such date when the interest due above are actually paid to the small enterprise, for the purpose of disallowance of a deductible expenditure under section 23 of the Micro, Small and Medium Enterprise Development Act, 2006 – – 36 Statement under the Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006, (MSMED): Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements 151 Notes to Standalone Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 154] (H in Lakhs) Particulars As at 31 March 2021 As at 31 March 2020 Opening balance 8,336.61 – Recognised on adoption of Ind AS 116 - Leases – 2,657.13 Additions during the year 1,096.62 6,247.84 9,433.23 8,904.97 Depreciation during the year 815.57 481.17 Derecognised during the year 3.63 87.19 Closing balance 8,614.03 8,336.61 37 Leases a. Right-of-use assets i. Carrying value of right of use assets (H in Lakhs) Particulars As at 31 March 2021 As at 31 March 2020 a. Balance at the Beginning of the year 8,566.67 – Recognition on account of adoption of Ind AS 116 – 2,657.13 Additions 1,096.62 6,247.84 9,663.29 8,904.97 Finance cost accrued during the year 676.35 449.23 Payment of lease liabilities (1,081.50) (706.48) Waiver of rent received during the year (56.66) – Derecognised during the year (3.63) (81.05) Balance as at end 9,197.85 8,566.67 b. Maturity analysis of lease liabilities: i. The table below provides details regarding the contractual maturities of lease liabilities are as follows: Due within one year 655.95 439.31 Due later than one year and not later than five years 3,065.63 2,009.48 Due later than five years 5,476.27 6,117.88 Total 9,197.85 8,566.67 ii. The table below provides details regarding the cash outflow of lease liabilities are as follows: Due within one year 1,366.22 1,417.46 Due later than one year and not later than five years 5,696.70 6,531.78 Due later than five years 10,448.41 10,519.53 Total 17,511.33 18,468.77 ii. Movement in lease liabilities during the year: (H in Lakhs) Particulars Year Ended 31 March 2021 Year Ended 31 March 2020 c. Expense recognised in profit or loss (see note ‘a’ below) Interest on lease liabilities 676.35 449.23 Depreciation on right of use assets 815.57 481.17 Expenses relating to short-term and low value leases 518.63 282.19 2,010.55 1,212.59 Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 152 Notes to Standalone Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 155] i. The Company does not face a significant liquidity risk with regard to its lease liabilities as the current assets are sufficient to meet the obligations related to lease liabilities as and when they fall due. ii. Rental expense recorded for short-term and low value leases is H 518.63 lakhs for the year ended March 31, 2021, the same have been recorded under the head ‘Other expenses’ in the financial statements. iii. Rental income on assets given on sub-lease is H Nil for the year ended 31 March, 2021. (H Nil for the year ended 31 March, 2020) iv. Lease contracts entered by the Company majorly pertains for buildings taken on lease to conduct its business in the ordinary course. The Company does not have any lease restrictions and commitment towards variable rent as per the contract 38 Earnings per share Particulars Units Year Ended 31 March 2021 Year Ended 31 March 2020 a. Basic Profit for the year H in Lakhs 15,197.20 11,060.46 Weighted average number of equity shares No’s 5,81,29,275 5,70,83,795 Face value of per share H 2.00 2.00 Earnings per share - Basic H 26.14 19.38 b. Diluted Profit for the year H in Lakhs 15,197.20 11,060.46 Diluted number of equity shares No’s 5,94,67,355 5,86,67,115 Face value of per share H 2.00 2.00 Earnings per share - Basic H 25.56 18.85 The weighted average number of equity shares for the purpose of diluted earnings per share reconciles to the weighted average number of equity shares used in the calculation of basic earnings per share as follows: Weighted average number of equity shares used in the calculation of basic earnings per share No’s 5,81,29,275 5,70,83,795 Shares deemed to be issued for no consideration in respect of employee options on proportionate basis No’s 13,38,080 15,83,320 Weighted average number of equity shares used in the calculation of diluted earnings per share No’s 5,94,67,355 5,86,67,115 (H in Lakhs) Particulars Year Ended 31 March 2021 Year Ended 31 March 2020 a. Revenue expenditure Cost of materials consumed 57.59 8.64 Employee benefits expense 272.85 323.96 Other expenses 30.74 46.90 Depreciation and amortisation expense 28.39 26.06 389.56 405.56 b. Capital expenditure Purchase of property, plant and equipment 13.29 61.10 13.29 61.10 c. Pursuant to the approval of the shareholders accorded on March 7, 2021 vide postal ballot conducted by the Company, each equity share of face value of H 10/- per share was subdivided into five equity shares of face value of H 2/- per share, with effect from March 19, 2021. Consequently, the basic and diluted earnings per share have been computed for all the periods presented in the Consolidated Financial Results of the Company on the basis of the new number of equity shares in accordance with Ind AS 33 – Earnings per Share 39 Details of research and development expenditure Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements 153 Notes to Standalone Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 156] (H in Lakhs) Particulars As at 31 March 2021 As at 31 March 2020 Net debt a. Borrowings – non current 5,637.97 957.16 – current 7,125.27 6,297.97 b. Current maturities of long term borrowings 292.68 347.74 13,055.92 7,602.87 c. Cash and cash equivalents 3,605.12 9,334.58 d. Current investments 9,525.31 – 13,130.43 9,334.58 Net debt (74.51) (1,731.71) Total equity 70,232.58 51,416.47 Net debt to equity ratio -0.001 -0.034 40 Financial instruments a. Capital Management The Company objective to manage its capital is to ensure continuity of business while at the same time provide reasonable returns to its various stakeholders but keep associated costs under control. In order to achieve this, requirement of capital is reviewed periodically with reference to operating and business plans that take into account capital expenditure and strategic investments. Sourcing of capital is done through judicious combination of equity/internal accruals and borrowings, both short term and long term. Net debt (total borrowings less current investments and cash and cash equivalents) to equity ratio is used to monitor capital. In order to achieve this overall objective, the Company’s capital management, amongst other things, aims to ensure that it meets financial covenants attached to the interest-bearing loans and borrowings that define capital structure requirements. There have been no breaches in the financial covenants of any interest-bearing loans and borrowing in the current period. No changes were made in the objectives, policies or processes for managing capital during the years ended 31 March 2021 and 31 March 2020. b. Categories of financial instruments (H in Lakhs) Particulars As at 31 March 2021 As at 31 March 2020 Financial asset a. Measured at cost i. Investments in subsidiaries and jointly controlled entities 4,503.01 4,501.01 b. Measured at amortised cost i. Other non current financial assets 1,037.02 857.04 ii. Trade receivables 1,00,300.22 42,861.23 iii. Cash and cash equivalents 3,605.12 9,334.58 iv Other bank balances 488.07 434.27 v. Other financial assets 1,100.00 1,539.39 vi. Loans 5,900.00 – c. Measured at fair value through Profit and Loss (FVTPL) i. Outstanding forward Marked to Market (MTM) – 1,047.43 ii. Investments 9,525.31 – Financial liabilities a. Measured at fair value through Profit and Loss (FVTPL) i. Outstanding forward Marked to Market (MTM) 109.88 – Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 154 Notes to Standalone Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 157] (H in Lakhs) Particulars As at 31 March 2021 As at 31 March 2020 b. Measured at amortised cost i. Borrowings – Non current 5,637.97 957.16 – Current 7,125.27 6,297.97 ii. Other non current financial liabilities 8,541.90 8,127.36 iii. Trade payables 1,42,353.74 71,403.50 iv. Other current financial liabilities 2,010.45 1,081.30 Notes: a. There are no significant difference among the fair value of financial assets and liabilities classified as measured at cost or measured at fair value through profit and loss accordingly no separate disclosure of the same have been disclosed. b. The derivative instruments with respect to forward contract are accounted for as fair value hedge. c. The company has not classified any financial assets as hedge instruments and hence hedge accounting is not applicable. c. Fair value hierarchy The disclosure of the financial instruments measured at fair value. The details of instrument and valuation technique are as follows: (H in Lakhs) Particulars Fair value hierarchy As at 31 March 2021 As at 31 March 2020 Financials Assets Foreign currency forward contracts – Financial assets Level 2 – 1,047.43 – Financial liabilities 109.88 – Investments in mutual fund Level 1 9,525.31 – Valuation technique and key input Discounted cash flow. Future cash flow estimated based on forward exchange rates (from observable forward exchange rates at the end of reporting period) and contract forward rates. Level 1: Level 1 hierarchy includes financial instruments measured using quoted prices. This includes listed equity instruments, traded bonds, ETFs and mutual funds that have quoted price. The fair value of all equity instruments (including bonds) which are traded in the stock exchanges is valued using the closing price as at the reporting period. The mutual funds are valued using the closing NAV . Level 2: The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market (for example, traded bonds, over-the counter derivatives) is determined using valuation techniques which maximize the use of observable market data and rely as little as possible on entity-specific estimates. If all significant inputs required to fair value an instrument are observable, the instrument is included in level 2. Level 3: If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the instrument is included in level 3. This is the case for unlisted equity securities, contingent consideration and indemnification asset included in level 3. There are no transfers between levels 1 and 2 during the year. Valuation processes a. The finance department of the company includes a team that performs the valuations of financial assets and liabilities required for financial reporting purposes, including level 3 fair values. This team reports directly to the Chief Financial Officer (CFO) and the audit committee (AC). Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements 155 Notes to Standalone Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 158] b. Discussions of valuation processes and results are held between the CFO, AC and the valuation team quarterly, in line with the company’s quarterly reporting periods. d. Summary statement of standalone financial risk management The Company’s principal financial liabilities comprise borrowings, trade and other payables. The main purpose of these financial liabilities is to finance the Company’s operations. The Company’s principal financial assets include investments, trade and other receivables and cash and cash equivalents that are derived directly from its operations. The Company’s financial risk management is an integral part of how to plan and execute its business strategies. The Company is exposed to market, credit and liquidity risk. The Company’s senior management oversees the management of these risks. The senior professionals working to manage the financial risks and the appropriate financial risk governance framework for the Company are accountable to the Board of Directors and Audit Committee. This process provides assurance to Company’s senior management that the Company’s financial risk-taking activities are governed by appropriate policies and procedures and that financial risk are identified, measured and managed in accordance with Company policies and Company risk objective. A. Credit Risk Management Credit risk is managed on group basis. For deposits only high rated banks/institutions are accepted. For other financial assets, the company assesses and manages credit risk based on internal credit rating system. The finance function consists of a separate team who assesses and maintains an internal credit rating system. Internal credit rating is performed on a group basis for each class of financial instruments with different characteristics. The Company’s exposure to customers is diversified and one Customer (Previous Year two customer) contributes to more than 10% of outstanding trade receivable H 24,596.41 Lakh (Previous year H 28,970.55 Lakh) as at 31 March, 2020. Reconciliation of loss allowance provision (H in Lakhs) Particulars As at 31 March 2021 As at 31 March 2020 Opening balance 144.88 363.67 Additional provision made 76.13 114.91 Provision adjusted against the amount written off 78.68 333.70 Closing provision 142.33 144.88 The provision for loss allowances of trade receivables have been made by the management on the evaluation of trade receivables. The management at each reporting period made an assessment on recoverability of balances and on the best estimate basis the provision for loss allowances have been created. B. Liquidity Risk 1 The Company determines its liquidity requirement in the short, medium and long term. This is done by drawings up cash forecast for short term and long term needs. 2 The Company manage its liquidity risk in a manner so as to meet its normal financial obligations without any significant delay or stress. Such risk is managed through ensuring operational cash flow while at the same time maintaining adequate cash and cash equivalent position. The management has arranged for diversified funding sources and adopted a policy of managing assets with liquidity monitoring future cash flow and liquidity on a regular basis. Surplus funds not immediately required are invested in certain fixed deposit which provide flexibility to liquidate. Besides, it generally has certain undrawn credit facilities which can be assessed as and when required; such credit facilities are reviewed at regular basis. The following tables detail the Company’s remaining contractual maturity for its non-derivative financial liabilities with agreed repayment periods. The tables have been drawn up based on the undiscounted cash flows of financial liabilities based on the earliest date on which the Company can be required to pay. Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 156 Notes to Standalone Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 159] The tables include principal cash flows. The contractual maturity is based on the earliest date on which the Company may be required to pay. Maturities of financial liabilities (H in Lakhs) Particulars <12 months >12 months Total Carrying value As on 31.03.2021 Non Derivative Long Term Borrowings – 5,637.97 5,637.97 5,637.97 Current maturities of long term borrowings 292.68 – 292.68 292.68 Short term borrowings 7,125.27 – 7,125.27 7,125.27 Trade Payables 1,42,353.74 – 1,42,353.74 1,42,353.74 Other financial liabilities – Current 1,717.77 – 1,717.77 1,717.77 – Non-current – 8,541.90 8,541.90 8,541.90 As on 31.03.2020 Non Derivative Long Term Borrowings – 957.16 957.16 957.16 Current maturities of long term borrowings 347.74 – 347.74 347.74 Short term borrowings 6,297.97 – 6,297.97 6,297.97 Trade Payables 71,403.50 – 71,403.50 71,403.50 Other financials liabilities – Current 733.56 – 733.56 733.56 – Non-current – 8,127.36 8,127.36 8,127.36 The following table details the Company’s expected maturity for its non-derivative financial assets. The table has been drawn up based on the undiscounted contractual maturities of the financial assets including interest that will be earned on those assets. The inclusion of information on non-derivative financial assets is necessary in order to understand the Company’s liquidity risk management as the liquidity is managed on a net asset and liability basis. Maturities of financial assets (H in Lakhs) Particulars <12 months >12 months Total Carrying value As on 31.03.2021 Non derivative Other financial assets – Non current – 1,037.02 1,037.02 1,037.02 – Current 1,100.00 – 1,100.00 1,100.00 Investments 9,525.31 – 9,525.31 9,525.31 Trade receivables 1,00,300.22 – 1,00,300.22 1,00,300.22 Cash and cash equivalents 3,605.12 – 3,605.12 3,605.12 Bank balances other than above 488.07 – 488.07 488.07 Loans 5,900.00 – 5,900.00 5,900.00 As on 31.03.2020 Non derivative Other financial assets – Non current – 857.04 857.04 857.04 – Current 2,586.82 – 2,586.82 2,586.82 Trade receivables 42,861.23 – 42,861.23 42,861.23 Cash and cash equivalents 9,334.58 – 9,334.58 9,334.58 Bank balances other than above 434.27 – 434.27 434.27 Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements 157 Notes to Standalone Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 160] C. Market Risk Management I. Foreign Currency Risk a. The operation of the Company give exposure to foreign exchange risk arising from foreign currency transactions and foreign currency loans, primarily with respect to the US$. Foreign exchange risk arises from future commercial transactions and recognised assets and liabilities denominated in a currency that is not the company’s functional currency (INR). The risk is measured through a forecast of highly probable foreign currency cash flows. The Company hedge the foreign currency exposure. The objective of the hedges is to minimize the volatility of the INR cash flows of highly probable forecast transactions. b. The company uses foreign exchange forward contracts to hedge its exposure in foreign currency risk. The company measures the forward contract at fair value through profit and loss. c. The spot component of forward contracts is determined with reference to relevant spot market exchange rates. The differential between the contracted forward rate and the spot market exchange rate is defined as the forward points. The foreign currency exposures for the year ended are as follows: (H in Lakhs) Particulars As at 31 March 2021 As at 31 March 2020 Total Hedged Unhedged Total Hedged Unhedged Borrowings In USD / Lakh – – – 3.53 3.53 – In H / Lakh – – – 266.07 266.07 – Buyers’ Credit In USD / Lakh 96.93 – 96.93 31.54 – 31.54 In H / Lakh 7,125.27 – 7,125.27 2,377.97 – 2,377.97 Creditors In USD / Lakh 921.01 648.56 272.45 500.50 381.15 119.35 In CNY / Lakh 286.05 – 286.05 75.52 – 75.52 In JPY / Lakh 1,029.21 – 1,029.21 – – – In EURO / Lakh 4.83 4.83 In H / Lakh 72,619.55 47,672.21 24,947.34 37,057.61 28,869.74 8,187.87 Total liability In USD / Lakh 1,017.94 648.56 369.38 535.57 384.68 150.89 In CNY / Lakh 286.05 – 286.05 75.52 – 75.52 In H / Lakh 79,744.82 47,672.21 32,072.61 39,701.65 29,135.81 10,565.84 Debtors In USD / Lakh 4.48 – 4.48 4.57 – 4.57 In H / Lakh 328.99 – 328.99 346.11 – 346.11 Total assets In USD / Lakh 4.48 – 4.48 4.57 – 4.57 In H / Lakh 328.99 – 328.99 346.11 – 346.11 A. Foreign currency risk exposure (H in Lakhs) Particulars As at 31 March 2021 As at 31 March 2020 Financial assets 328.99 346.11 Financial liabilities 32,072.61 10,565.84 Net exposure (liabilities) 31,743.62 10,219.73 Note: The above amount represents the gross exposure i.e. both hedged and unhedged. Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 158 Notes to Standalone Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 161] (H in Lakhs) Particulars Currency USD impact As at 31 March 2021 As at 31 March 2020 Impact on profit or loss for the year 317.44 102.20 Impact on total equity as at the end of reporting year 237.54 76.01 This is mainly attributable to the exposure outstanding on Currency USD receivables and payables by the Company at the end of the reporting period. Impact on profit for the year are gross of tax. II. Cash flow and Interest rate risk The company’s main interest rate risk arises from long-term borrowings with variable rates, which expose the Company to cash flow interest rate risk. The Company’s borrowings at variable rate were mainly denominated in INR and USD. The company’s fixed rate borrowings are carried at amortised cost. They are therefore not subject to interest rate risk as defined in Ind AS 107, since neither the carrying amount nor the future cash flows will fluctuate because of a change in market interest rates. a. Interest rate risk exposure (H in Lakhs) Particulars As at 31 March 2021 As at 31 March 2020 Variable rate borrowings 12,775.27 4,714.04 Fixed rate borrowings 280.65 2,888.83 13,055.92 7,602.87 b. Sensitivity Analysis The details of the Company’s sensitivity to a 1% increase and decrease in interest rate are as follows: Impact on profit or loss for the year 127.75 47.14 Impact on total equity as at the end of reporting year 95.60 35.06 Impact on profit for the year are gross of tax. III. Price Risk The entity do not have any investment in quoted securities or other equity instruments except for unquoted investments in subsidiaries and jointly controlled entity. Thus, the company is not exposed to any price risk. B. Sensitivity The details of the Company’s sensitivity to a 1% increase and decrease in the H against the relevant foreign currency (‘USD’). 1% is the sensitivity rate used when reporting foreign currency risk internally to key management personnel and represents management’s assessment of the reasonably possible change in foreign exchange rates. Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements 159 Notes to Standalone Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 162] 41 Employee Stock Option Plan The company had a Dixon Technologies (India) Limited — Employee Stock Option Plan, 2018 (‘Dixon ESOP 2018’) and Dixon Technologies (India) Limited — Employee Stock Option Plan, 2020 (‘Dixon ESOP 2020’) which provided for the grant of equity shares of the company to the eligible employees of the company and its subsidiary companies. The board of directors recommended the establishment of the Dixon ESOP 2018 and Dixon ESOP 2020 to the shareholders on 26th May, 2018 and 22nd August, 2020 respectively and shareholders approved the recommendations of the Board of Directors in Annual General Meeting held on 25th July, 2018 and 29th September, 2020 respectively. The maximum aggregate number of shares that may be awarded under Dixon ESOP 2018 and Dixon ESOP 2020 was 500,000 equity shares and 300,000 Equity Shares respectively. Under Dixon ESOP 2018, the company has approved 3 grants vide its meeting held on 31st October, 2018, 13th November, 2019 and 04th August, 2020 and under Dixon ESOP 2020 has approved one grant vide its meeting held on 30th October, 2020. As per the plan, option granted under Dixon ESOP 2018 would vest in not less than one year and not more than 4 years from the date of grant of such options and the options granted under Dixon ESOP 2020 would vest in not less than one year and not more than 5 years from the date of grant of such options. Both the Plans are Equity Settled Plans.. (H in Lakhs) Particulars Grant I Grant II Grant III Grant-1 Dixon ESOP 2018 Dixon ESOP 2020 Date of Grant 31-Oct-18 13-Nov-19 31-Aug-18 30-Oct-20 Date of Share holders Approval 25-Jul-18 25-Jul-18 25-Jul-18 29-Sep-20 Date of Board of Directors Approval / Committee 26-May-18 26-May-18 26-May-18 22-Aug-20 No. of Option 4,97,600 4,900 72,500 15,00,000 Method of settlement (Cash/ Equity) Equity Equity Equity Equity Vesting Period 31-Oct-19 - - 30-Oct-21 31-Oct-20 13-Nov-20 04-Aug-21 30-Oct-22 31-Oct-21 13-Nov-21 30-Oct-23 - - - 30-Oct-24 - - - 30-Oct-25 Exercise Price (Per Share H) 1,864.80 2,092.58 1,434.31 1,538.26 Exercise Period Options vested may be exercised by the Option Grantee within a maximum period of One Year from the date of last vesting of Options. Hence maximum term of Options granted is 4 years. Options vested may be exercised by the Option Grantee within a maximum period of One Year from the date of last vesting of Options. Hence maximum term of Options granted is 3 years. Options vested may be exercised by the Option Grantee within a maximum period of One Year from the date of last vesting of Options. Hence maximum term of Options granted is 2 years. Options vested may be exercised by the Option Grantee within a maximum period of One Year from the date of last vesting of Options. Hence maximum term of Options granted is 6 years. Ext. of Exercise Period None None None None (H in Lakhs) Particulars As at 31 March 2020 Share arising out of options Weighted average exercise price Outstanding at the beginning - Grant I 4,97,600 1,865 - Grant II 4,900 2,093 Forfeited and expired 2,500 1,865 Exercised 2,45,050 1,865 Outstanding at the end Grant I 2,47,550 1,865 Grant II 4,900 2,093 Exercisable at the end Grant I 2,500 1,865 Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 160 Notes to Standalone Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 163] (H in Lakhs) Particulars As at 31 March, 2021 Share arising out of options Weighted average exercise price Outstanding at the beginning Employee Stock Option Plan, 2018 -Grant I 12,50,250 373 -Grant II 24,500 419 New option granted during the year Employee Stock Option Plan, 2018 -Grant III 72,500 1,434 Employee Stock Option Plan, 2020 -Grant I 15,00,000 1,538 Forfeited and expired Exercised employee stock option plan, 2018 81,250 373 Exercised employee stock option plan, 2020 2,65,850 1,538 Options Exercised during the year Employee Stock Option Plan, 2018 -Grant I 7,06,400 373 -Grant II 12,250 419 Outstanding at the end Employee Stock Option Plan, 2018 Grant I 4,62,600 373 Grant II 12,250 419 Grant III 72,500 1,434 Employee Stock Option Plan, 2020 Grant I 12,34,150 1,538 Exercisable at the end Grant III - - * Fair value of option is based on the valuation report of option. Pursuant to the approval of the shareholders accorded on March 7, 2021 vide postal ballot conducted by the Company, each equity share of face value of H10/- per share was subdivided into five equity shares of face value of H 2/- per share, with effect from March 19, 2021, accordingly the presentation for the current year have been updated. 42 Employee benefits a. Defined Contribution Plan Provident Fund and Other Funds : A defined contribution plan is a post-employment benefit plan under which the Company pays specified contributions for provident fund and pension as per the provisions of the Provident Fund Act, 1952 and other acts to the government. The Company’s contribution is recognised as an expense in the Profit and Loss Statement during the period in which the employee renders the related service. The company’s obligation is limited to the amounts contributed by it. (H in Lakhs) Particulars Year Ended 31 March 2021 Year Ended 31 March 2020 Contribution towards Provident Fund & other Funds a. Contribution to provident fund 491.66 387.69 b. Contribution to employee state insurance 36.35 35.19 c. Contribution to national pension scheme 35.69 29.62 563.70 452.50 Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements 161 Notes to Standalone Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 164] Assumptions Particulars As at 31 March 2021 As at 31 March 2020 Future Salary Increase 6.00% 6.00% Discount rate 6.76% 7.66% Mortality rates 100% of IALM (2012-14) 100% of IALM (2006-08) Attributes of ages: withdrawal rate (%) up to 30 years 3.00% 3.00% From 31 to 44 years 2.00% 2.00% Above 44 years 1.00% 1.00% Retirement age (years) 58 58 Amount recognised in Statement of Profit and Loss in respect of defined benefit plans are as follows (H in Lakhs) Particulars Year Ended 31 March 2021 Year Ended 31 March 2020 Service Cost – Current service cost 146.88 109.89 – Past service cost including curtailment gains/losses – – 146.88 109.89 Net interest cost 47.12 38.18 Expense recognised in statement of profit and loss 193.99 148.07 Other Comprehensive Income (OCI) Remeasurement on the net defined benefit liability: Actuarial (gains) / losses arising from changes in demographic assumptions (0.03) (0.03) Actuarial (gains) / losses arising from changes in financial assumptions 3.36 53.30 Actuarial (gains) / losses arising from experience adjustments 3.67 13.40 Components of defined benefit costs recognised in other comprehensive income 7.00 66.67 200.99 214.74 Notes: i. The current service cost and the net interest expense for the year are included in the ‘Employee benefits expense’ line item in the statement of profit and loss. ii. The remeasurernent of the net defined benefit liability is Included-in other comprehensive income. iii. The Company gratuity scheme is unfunded. The amount included in the financial statements arising from the entity’s obligation in respect of its defined benefit plans is as follows: (H in Lakhs) Particulars As at 31 March 2021 As at 31 March 2020 Provision for gratuity – Non-Current 771.08 625.80 – Current 103.82 66.78 874.90 692.58 b. Defined benefits plan Gratuity: The liability in respect of defined benefit plans includes Gratuity liability as per the provisions of the Payment of Gratuity Act, 1972 which is calculated using the Projected Unit Credit Method and spread over the period during which the benefit is expected to be derived from employees services. The company’s obligation includes actuarial risk and investment risk. Actuarial gains and losses in respect of post-employment are charged to the Profit and Loss Statement. Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 162 Notes to Standalone Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 165] Movements in the present value of the defined benefit obligation are as follows (H in Lakhs) Particulars Year Ended 31 March 2021 Year Ended 31 March 2020 Liability at the beginning of the year 692.58 498.34 Interest Costs 47.12 38.18 Current Service Costs 146.88 109.89 Past Service Cost including curtailment Gains/ Losses – – Benefits paid (18.68) (20.50) Actuarial (Gain)/Loss on obligations due to change in Obligation 7.00 66.67 Liability at the end of the year 874.90 692.58 Sensitivity Analysis (H in Lakhs) Particulars As at 31 March 2021 As at 31 March 2020 a. Impact of the change in discount rate Present Value of Obligation 874.90 692.58 Impact due to increase of 0.50 % (42.47) (33.53) Impact due to decrease of 0.50 % 46.33 36.48 b. Impact of the change in salary increase Present Value of Obligation at the end of the period 874.90 692.58 Impact due to increase of 0.50 % 45.65 34.97 Impact due to decrease of 0.50 % (40.75) (32.38) Notes: i. Sensitivities due to mortality and withdrawals are not material, hence impact of change not calculated. ii. Sensitivities as to rate of inflation, rate of increase of pensions in payment, rate of increase of pensions before retirement and life expectancy are not applicable being a lump sum benefit on retirement. iii. The above sensitivity analysis are with out giving the impact of tax. Maturity Profile of Defined Benefit Obligation (H in Lakhs) Financial year Amount Apr 2021- Mar 2022 103.81 Apr 2022- Mar 2023 45.43 Apr 2023- Mar 2024 49.26 Apr 2024- Mar 2025 25.53 Apr 2025- Mar 2026 24.70 Apr 2026- Mar 2027 56.98 Apr 2027 onwards 569.18 Description of Risk Exposure: Valuations are based on certain assumptions, which are dynamic in nature and vary over time. As such company is exposed to various risks as follow: a. Salary Increases- Actual salary increases will increase the Plan’s liability. Increase in salary increase rate assumption in future valuations will also increase the liability. b. Investment Risk – If Plan is funded then assets liabilities mismatch & actual investment return on assets lower than the discount rate assumed at the last valuation date can impact the liability. Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements 163 Notes to Standalone Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 166] c. Discount Rate: Reduction in discount rate in subsequent valuations can increase the plan’s liability. d. Mortality & disability – Actual deaths & disability cases proving lower or higher than assumed in the valuation can impact the liabilities. e. Withdrawals – Actual withdrawals proving higher or lower than assumed withdrawals and change of withdrawal rates at subsequent valuations can impact Plan’s liability. c. Actuarial assumptions for compensated absences is as under: (H in Lakhs) Assumptions As at 31 March 2021 As at 31 March 2020 i. Discounting rate 6.00% 6.00% ii. Future increase salary 6.76% 7.66% (H in Lakhs) Particulars Year Ended 31 March 2021 Year Ended 31 March 2020 A. Gross amount required to be spent by the company 210.17 154.14 B. Amount spent by the company by a. Yet to be paid in cash – – b. In cash - Donation to a. Guru Vishram Vridh Ashram 32.00 32.00 b. Jan Maadhyam 16.00 16.00 c. Nav Abhiyan 21.00 21.00 d. Purkal Youth Development Society 20.00 – e. Donation of Ambulances to Noida Authority 45.71 – f. The Akshaya Patra Foundation – 37.00 g. *PM Cares fund pertains to FY 2019-20 50.00 184.71 106.00 c. Sanitation Drive on Service Lane 8.03 3.07 192.75 109.07 43 Corporate Social Responsibility As per section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013, a company, meeting the applicability threshold, needs to spend at least 2% of average net profit for the immediately preceding three financial year on Corporate Social Responsibility (‘CSR’) activities. The area for CSR activities are eradication of hunger and malnutrition, promoting education, art and culture, healthcare, destitute care and rehabilitation, environment sustainability, disaster relief and rural development projects. A CSR committee has been formed by the Company as per the Act. *The Company considering the pandemic of COVID-19 contributed H 50 Lakhs towards the PM Cares Fund out of its CSR Budget for the FY 2019-20. Due to the Nationwide lockdown, the said payment was transferred to PM Cares Fund in the month of April, 2020. The Company has unspent amount of H 67.42 Lakhs for the financial year 2020-21 out of total CSR budget of H 210.17 Lakhs 44 Segment Reporting The chief operating decision maker (CODM) comprises of the Board of Directors, Vice Chairman & Managing Director and Chief financial officer which examines the Company’s performance on the basis of single operating segment Electronics Goods; accordingly segment disclosure has not been made. Revenue from two customers (Previous year three customers) of the Company represented approximately H 307,103.01 Lakhs (Previous year H 2,38,642.14 Lakhs) individually more than 10% of the Company’s total revenue. Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 164 Notes to Standalone Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 167] 45 The Company had made an Initial Public Offer (‘IPO’) during the Quarter ended 30 September, 2017, for 33,93,425 equity shares of H 10 each, comprising of 3,39,750 fresh issue of equity shares by the Company and 30,53,675 equity shares offered for sale by share holders. The equity shares were issued at a price of H 1,766 per share (including premium of H 1,756 per share). Out of the total proceeds from the IPO of H 59,928 Lakhs, the Company’s share was H 6,000 Lakhs from the fresh issue of 3,39,750 equity shares. Fresh equity shares were allotted by the Company on 14 September, 2017 and the shares of the Company were listed on the stock exchanges on 18 September, 2017. Details of utilization of IPO Proceeds are as follows : (H in Lakhs) Particulars Object of the Issue as per Prospectus Total Utilization Up to March 2021 Amount Pending for Utilization Repayment/pre-payment, in full or in part, of certain borrowings availed by the Company 2,200.00 2,200.00 – Setting up a unit for manufacturing of LED TVs at the Tirupati (A.P) 758.00 758.00 – Finance the enhancement of our backward integration capabilities in the lighting products vertical at Dehradun Facility 886.00 886.00 – Upgradation of the information technology infrastructure of the Company 1,063.00 1,063.00 – General corporate purposes (see note ‘b’ below) 805.00 805.00 – 5,712.00 5,712.00 – IPO Expenses* 288.00 288.00 – Total 6,000.00 6,000.00 Note: a. Estimated IPO expenses reduced by H 54 Lakhs and accordingly expense transferred to General Corporate Expenses. b. The members of the Company had, at its Annual general Meeting held on 29th September, 2020 approved “variation in the terms of the Object of the public issue as stated in the prospectus of the Company dated 11th September, 2017” whereby the unutilized amount aggregating to H 212 Lakhs (i.e. H 90 Lakhs pending to be utilised towards Finance the enhancement of our backward integration capabilities in the lighting products vertical at Dehradun Facility , and H 122 Lakhs pending to be utilised towards Upgradation of the information technology infrastructure of the Company, constituting 3.53% of Total Proceeds shall be utilized towards General Corporate Purpose between FY 2020 to FY 2022. During the year ended 31st March, 2021, the said unutilised amount of H 212 Lakhs has been utilised by the Company towards General Corporate Purpose. There are no further IPO proceeds outstanding for utilisation. 46 Related parties a. List of related parties i. Subsidiary Companies a. Dixon Global Private Limited b. Padget Electronic Private Limited (previous year subsidiaries w.e.f. 12 April, 2019) c. Dixon Electro Appliance Private Limited ( Previous year, incorporated as subsidiary on 15 January, 2020) d. Dixon Technologies Solutions Private Limited ( incorporated as subsidiary on 16 March, 2021) e. Dixon Electro Manufacturing Private Limited ( incorporated as subsidiary on 16 March, 2021) ii. Joint Venture Company a. AIL Dixon Technologies Private Limited b. Padget Electronic Private Limited (previous year up to 11 April, 2019) Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements 165 Notes to Standalone Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 168] iii. Key Managerial Personnel and their relatives a. Mr. Sunil Vachani Chairman b. Mr. Atul B. Lall Managing Director and Vice Chairman c. Mr. Manuji Zarabi Non Executive Independent Director d. Ms. Poornima Shenoy Non Executive Independent Director e. Mr. Manoj Maheshwari Non Executive Independent Director f. Mr. Keng Tsung Kuo Non Executive Independent Director (From 12 April, 2019) g. Mr. Prithvi Vachani Son of Chairman (from 2 April, 2018) h. Mr. Saurabh Gupta Chief Finance Officer (CFO) i. Mr. Rakesh Mohan Non Executive Independent Director (From 2 February 2021) j. Mr. Ashish Kumar Company Secretary iv. Entities over which individuals mentioned in (iii) point above are able to exercise control/significant influence a. Dixon Applied Technology Training Institute Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 166 Notes to Standalone Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 169] (H in Lakhs) Particulars Subsidiaries Joint Venture KMP and their relatives Total Year Ended 31 March 2021 Year Ended 31 March 2020 Year Ended 31 March 2021 Year Ended 31 March 2020 Year Ended 31 March 2021 Year Ended 31 March 2020 Year Ended 31 March 2021 Year Ended 31 March 2020 A. Transactions during the year Investment in joint venture – – – – – – – – AIL Dixon Technologies Private Limited – – – – – – – – Investment in Subsidiaries 2.00 2,701.00 – – – – 2.00 2,701.00 Dixon Electro Appliance Private Limited 1.00 – – – – – 1.00 Padget Electronics Private Limited 2,700.00 – – – – – 2,700.00 Dixon Technologies Solutions Private Limited 1.00 – – – – – 1.00 – Dixon Electro Manufacturing Private Limited 1.00 – – – – – 1.00 – Interest income 53.69 – 55.53 30.67 – – 109.22 30.67 Padget Electronics Private Limited 53.69 – – – – – 53.69 – AIL Dixon Technologies Private Limited – – 55.53 30.67 – – 55.53 30.67 Interest Paid 57.62 149.18 – – – – 57.62 149.18 Padget Electronics Private Limited 57.62 149.18 – – – – 57.62 149.18 Service charges received – – 70.80 69.90 – – 70.80 69.90 AIL Dixon Technologies Private Limited – – 70.80 69.90 – – 70.80 69.90 Sale of goods 19,725.64 519.87 1,307.41 2.30 – – 21,033.05 522.17 Dixon Global Private Limited 2,620.69 518.52 – – – – 2,620.69 518.52 AIL Dixon Technologies Private Limited – – 1,307.41 2.30 – – 1,307.41 2.30 Padget Electronic Private Limited 17,104.95 1.35 – – – – 17,104.95 1.35 Purchase of raw material 21,333.65 57,192.21 1,085.03 – – – 22,418.68 57,192.21 Dixon Global Private Limited 21,328.70 57,192.15 – – – – 21,328.70 57,192.15 AIL Dixon Technologies Private Limited – – 1,085.03 – – – 1,085.03 – Padget Electronics Private Limited 4.95 0.06 – – – – 4.95 0.06 Job Work Charges received 409.74 – 134.56 13.33 – – 544.30 13.33 Padget Electronic Private Limited 409.74 – – – – – 409.74 – AIL Dixon Technologies Private Limited – – 134.56 13.33 – – 134.56 13.33 Job Work Charges paid 9.62 53.71 – 119.75 – – 9.62 173.46 AIL Dixon Technologies Private Limited – – – 119.75 – – – 119.75 Padget Electronics Private Limited 9.62 53.71 – – – – 9.62 53.71 b. Transactions /balances outstanding with related parties Notes to Standalone Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021 Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements 167

[Page 170] Notes to Standalone Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021 (H in Lakhs) Particulars Subsidiaries Joint Venture KMP and their relatives Total Year Ended 31 March 2021 Year Ended 31 March 2020 Year Ended 31 March 2021 Year Ended 31 March 2020 Year Ended 31 March 2021 Year Ended 31 March 2020 Year Ended 31 March 2021 Year Ended 31 March 2020 Sale of Property, plant and equipment 32.03 0.61 – – – – 32.03 0.61 Padget Electronics Private Limited 32.03 0.61 – – – – 32.03 0.61 Rent Received 63.44 63.44 – – – – 63.44 63.44 Padget Electronic Private Limited 63.44 63.44 – – – – 63.44 63.44 Corporate Guarantee given on behalf of the Subsidiries 44,300.00 – – 500.00 – – 44,300.00 500.00 Padget Electronics Private Limited 42,300.00 42,300.00 – AIL Dixon Technologies Private Limited – – – 500.00 500.00 Dixon Global Private Limited 2,000.00 2,000.00 – Bond Given to Custom Department by the company Behalf of Subsidiry 1,000.00 – – – – – 1,000.00 – Padget Electronics Private Limited 1,000.00 – – – – – 1,000.00 – Bond Given to Custom Department by joint venture companies on behalf of the company – 1,000.00 – 600.00 – – – 1,600.00 AIL Dixon Technologies Private Limited – – – 600.00 – – – 600.00 Padget Electronics Private Limited – 1,000.00 – – – – – 1,000.00 Loan given to related party 6,200.00 – 100.00 400.00 78.10 32.00 6,378.10 432.00 AIL Dixon Technologies Private Limited – – 100.00 400.00 – – 100.00 400.00 Padget Electronics Private Limited 6,200.00 – – – – – 6,200.00 – Mr. Atul B. Lall – – – – – 8.00 – 8.00 Mr. Saurabh Gupta – – – – 78.10 24.00 78.10 24.00 Loan repaid by the related party 800.00 – – 200.00 9.14 4.00 809.14 204.00 AIL Dixon Technologies Private Limited – – – 200.00 – – – 200.00 Padget Electronics Private Limited 800.00 – – – – – 800.00 – Mr. Sunil Vachani – – – – 4.89 4.00 4.89 4.00 Mr. Atul B. Lall – – – – 4.03 – 4.03 – Mr. Prithvi Vachani – – – – 0.22 – 0.22 – Borrowings received from related party 2,400.00 3,350.00 – – – – 2,400.00 3,350.00 Padget Electronics Private Limited (Net) 2,400.00 3,350.00 – – – – 2,400.00 3,350.00 Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 168

[Page 171] Notes to Standalone Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021 (H in Lakhs) Particulars Subsidiaries Joint Venture KMP and their relatives Total Year Ended 31 March 2021 Year Ended 31 March 2020 Year Ended 31 March 2021 Year Ended 31 March 2020 Year Ended 31 March 2021 Year Ended 31 March 2020 Year Ended 31 March 2021 Year Ended 31 March 2020 Borrowings repaid to related party 3,820.00 1,930.00 – – – – 3,820.00 1,930.00 Padget Electronic Private Limited (Net) 3,820.00 1,930.00 – – – – 3,820.00 1,930.00 Director sitting fees – – – – 12.60 7.70 12.60 7.70 Mr. Rakesh Mohan – – – – 0.75 – 0.75 – Mr. Manuji Zarabi – – – – 3.90 3.20 3.90 3.20 Ms. Poornima Shenoy – – – – 2.90 1.20 2.90 1.20 Mr. Manoj Maheshwari – – – – 3.20 2.30 3.20 2.30 Mr. Keng Tsung Kuo – – – – 1.85 1.00 1.85 1.00 Remuneration (including commission) – – – – 1,310.69 1,137.48 1,303.19 1,137.48 Mr. Sunil Vachani – – – – 469.00 500.00 469.00 500.00 Mr. Atul B. Lall – – – – 604.95 462.29 604.95 462.29 Mr. Saurabh Gupta * – – – – 128.92 96.60 128.92 96.60 Mr. Ashish Kumar # – – – – 67.81 53.69 67.81 53.69 Mr. Prithvi Vachani – – – – 10.01 9.90 10.01 9.90 Mr. Manuji Zarabi – – – – 7.50 5.00 7.50 5.00 Ms. Poornima Shenoy – – – – 7.50 5.00 7.50 5.00 Mr. Manoj Maheshwari – – – – 7.50 5.00 7.50 5.00 Mr. Keng Tsung Kuo – – 7.50 * The amount does not include the shares issued to key managerial personnel under ESOP scheme with share capital amounting to H 1.95 lakhs and security premium amounting to H 361.69 lakhs. # The amount does not include the shares issued to key managerial personnel under ESOP scheme with share capital amounting to H 1.35 lakhs and security premium amounting to H 250.40 lakhs. Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements 169

[Page 172] (H in Lakhs) Particulars Subsidiaries Joint Venture KMP and their relatives Entities over which individuals mentioned in (iii) point above are able to exercise control/ significant influence Total Year Ended 31 March 2021 Year Ended 31 March 2020 Year Ended 31 March 2021 Year Ended 31 March 2020 Year Ended 31 March 2021 Year Ended 31 March 2020 Year Ended 31 March 2021 Year Ended 31 March 2020 Year Ended 31 March 2021 Year Ended 31 March 2020 Outstanding balances Trade Payable 6,805.95 12,749.02 – – – – – – 6,805.95 12,749.02 Dixon Global Private Limited 6,805.95 12,716.88 – – – – – – 6,805.95 12,716.88 Padget Electronics Private Limited – 32.14 – – – – – – – 32.14 Surety Bond Given to Custom Department on behalf of the Joint Venture companies – – 1,400.00 1,400.00 – – – – 1,400.00 1,400.00 AIL Dixon Technologies Private Limited – – 1,400.00 1,400.00 – – – – 1,400.00 1,400.00 Trade Receivables 6,591.22 – 695.14 90.09 – – – – 7,286.36 90.09 AIL Dixon Technologies Private Limited – – 695.14 90.09 – – – – 695.14 90.09 Padget Electronics Private Limited 6,591.22 – – – – – – 6,591.22 – Interest accrued but not due – – – 12.03 – – – – – 12.03 AIL Dixon Technologies Private Limited – – – 12.03 – – – – – 12.03 Loans 5,400.00 – 500.00 – – – – – 5,900.00 – AIL Dixon Technologies Private Limited – – 500.00 – – – – 500.00 – Padget Electronics Private Limited 5,400.00 – – – – – – – 5,400.00 – Amount Receivables – – – 400.00 – – – – – 428.00 AIL Dixon Technologies Private Limited – – – 400.00 – – – – – 428.00 Advances to Key management Persons – – – – 126.84 57.87 – – 126.84 57.87 Mr. Atul B. Lall – – – – 0.07 4.10 – – 0.07 4.10 Mr. Saurabh Gupta – – – – 125.33 47.23 – – 125.33 47.23 Mr. Sunil Vachani – – – – 1.40 6.29 – – 1.40 6.29 Mr. Prithvi Vachani – – – – 0.04 0.25 – – 0.04 0.25 Mr. Ashish Kumar 39.35 Payable to Key Management Persons – – – – 5.58 – – – 5.58 – Mr. Manoj Maheshwari 1.48 1.48 – Mr. Manuji Zarabi 1.75 1.75 – Ms. Poornima Shenoy 1.39 1.39 – Mr. Rakesh Mohan 0.69 0.69 – Mr. Keng Tsung Kuo 0.27 0.27 – b. Transactions /balances outstanding with related parties Notes to Standalone Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021 Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 170

[Page 173] b. Transactions /balances outstanding with related parties Notes to Standalone Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021 (H in Lakhs) Particulars Subsidiaries Joint Venture KMP and their relatives Entities over which individuals mentioned in (iii) point above are able to exercise control/ significant influence Total Year Ended 31 March 2021 Year Ended 31 March 2020 Year Ended 31 March 2021 Year Ended 31 March 2020 Year Ended 31 March 2021 Year Ended 31 March 2020 Year Ended 31 March 2021 Year Ended 31 March 2020 Year Ended 31 March 2021 Year Ended 31 March 2020 Loans and Advances Payable – 1,420.00 – – – – – – – 1,420.00 Padget Electronics Private Limited – 1,420.00 – – – – – – – 1,420.00 Bond Given to Custom Department by the company behalf of Subsdiries /Joint ventures 1,000.00 – – – – – – – 1,000.00 – AIL Dixon Technologies Private Limited – – – – – – – – – – Padget Electronics Private Limited 1,000.00 – – – – – – – 1,000.00 – Bond Given to Custom Department by joint venture companies on behalf of the company 3,000.00 3,000.00 1,400.00 1,400.00 – – – – 4,400.00 4,400.00 AIL Dixon Technologies Private Limited – – 1,400.00 1,400.00 – – – – 1,400.00 1,400.00 Padget Electronics Private Limited 3,000.00 3,000.00 – – – – – – 3,000.00 3,000.00 Corporate guarantee 50,300.00 6,000.00 – – – – – – 50,300.00 6,000.00 Dixon Global Private Limited 8,000.00 6,000.00 – – – – – – 8,000.00 6,000.00 AIL Dixon Technologies Private Limited 500.00 500.00 – Padget Electronics Private Limited 42,300.00 42,300.00 – Investment in equity shares 3,553.01 3,551.01 950.00 950.00 – – – – 4,503.01 4,501.01 Dixon Global Private Limited 100.01 100.01 – – – – – – 100.01 100.01 AIL Dixon Technologies Private Limited – – 950.00 950.00 – – – – 950.00 950.00 Dixon Electro Appliance Private Limited 1.00 1.00 – – – – – – 1.00 1.00 Padget Electronics Private Limited 3,450.00 3,450.00 – – – – – – 3,450.00 3,450.00 Dixon Technologies Solutions Private Limited 1.00 – – – – – – – 1.00 – Dixon Electro Manufacturing Private Limited 1.00 – – – – – – – 1.00 – Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements 171

[Page 174] 47 Consequent to the disruption caused due to COVID-19, the Company has made an assessment as at March 31, 2021 of recoverability of the carrying values of its assets such as property, plant and equipment, intangible assets having indefinite useful life, inventory, trade receivables, and other current assets giving due consideration to the internal and external factors. Further, on account of continued spread of COVID-19 disease in the country, the Company has made timely and requisite changes in the business model which has resulted in consistent growth across the product segments during the year. The Company is continuously monitoring the situation arising on account of COVID-19 and will make appropriate action required, if any. 48 The Board of Directors have recommended a final dividend of 50 % ( H 1.00/- per Equity Share of H 2/- each) for the financial year 2020-2021 subject to the approval of the shareholders in the ensuing Annual General Meeting of the Company. 49 The Government of Andhra Pradesh vide Order No. GO(MS) No. 170 dated December 16, 2016 and GO(MS) No. 37 dated March 03, 2017 has announced certain fiscal incentives to the company for setting up industries in the notified Electronics Manufacturing Clusters (EMCs) of the State. Further, the activities of the Company fall under the scheme of Information Technology, Electronics & Communication (Promotions) department 2014-2020, based on the scheme and order passed the Company is eligible for 100% re-imbursement of the Stamp Duty, Transfer Duty and Registration Fee paid on sale/ lease deeds on the first transaction and 50% thereof on the second transaction, freight subsidy, transport subsidy interest subsidy etc. Movement in the Incentive recoverable from Andhra Pradesh Government is given below: In terms of our report attached For and on behalf of the Board of Directors For S. N. Dhawan & CO LLP Chartered Accountants Sunil Vachani Atul B. Lall Firm’s Registration No. 000050N/N500045 Chairman Vice Chairman and Managing Director Vinesh Jain Saurabh Gupta Ashish Kumar Partner Chief Financial officer Company Secretary Membership No. 087701 Place: Delhi Place: Noida Date: 27 May, 2021 Date: 27 May, 2021 The management expect that the amount will be collected, accordingly no provision is required in the financial statements. The income under the schemes have been recognised amounting to H 252 lakhs till 30 June, 2019. Post 30 June, 2019, incentive income have not been recognised based on prudence. 50 The Code on Social Security, 2020 (‘Code’) relating to employee benefits, during employment and post-employment benefits, has received the Presidential assent in September 2020. This Code has been published in the Gazette of India. However, the effective date from which the changes are applicable is yet to be notified and the rules for quantifying the financial impact are also yet to be issued. The Company will evaluate the impact of the Code and will give appropriate impact in the financial statements in the period in which the Code becomes effective and the related rules are published. 51 There are no subsequent event observed after the reporting period which have material impact on the Company’s operation. 52 Figures for the previous year have been regrouped / rearranged wherever necessary. Subsidy Incentive As at 31 March 2021 J/lakh Stamp duty 100% of Stamp duty paid 66.00 Goods and Service tax (‘SGST’) 100% Net SGST paid for 5 years 181.00 Power 25% of cost Incurred, maximum to H 200 lakhs within 5 years (Excluding MD and other charges) 143.00 Investment 20% of investment maximum of H 1,000 lakhs 1,000.00 Freight 25% of cost incurred, maximum of H 50 lakhs for a financial year for 5 years 169.00 Employee transportation H 500 per employee per month maximum of H 25 lakhs for a financial year for 3 years 75.00 Interest subsidy Term loan (borrowings) Interest rate 5% on term loan, maximum of H 150 lakhs for 5 years 0.56 1,634.56 Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 172 Notes to Standalone Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 175] Consolidated Financial Statements

[Page 176] Independent Auditor’s Report Report on the audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements Opinion We have audited the accompanying consolidated financial statements of Dixon Technologies (India) Limited (“the Holding Company”) and its subsidiaries (Holding Company and its subsidiaries together referred to as “the Group”) and its joint venture, which comprise the consolidated Balance Sheet as at 31 March, 2021, and the consolidated statement of Profit and Loss (including other comprehensive income), the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies (“the consolidated financial statements”). In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, and based on the consideration of reports of other auditors on separate financial statements of the subsidiaries referred to on the Other Matters section below, the aforesaid consolidated financial statements give the information required by the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) in the manner so required and give a true and fair view in conformity with the Indian Accounting Standards prescribed under Section 133 of the Act read with the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015, as amended, and other accounting principles generally accepted in India, of the consolidated state of affairs of the Group and its joint venture as at 31 March, 2021, of consolidated profit, consolidated total comprehensive income, consolidated changes in equity and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended. Basis for Opinion We conducted our audit in accordance with the Standards on Auditing (SAs) specified under Section 143(10) of the Act. Our responsibilities under those Standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the consolidated financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the Code of Ethics issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (“the ICAI”) together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the consolidated financial statements under the provisions of the Act and the Rules made thereunder, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the ICAI’s Code of Ethics. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained, and the audit evidence obtained by the other auditors in terms of their reports referred to in the Other Matter paragraph below, is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. Emphasis of Matter We draw attention to note no. 52 of the Consolidated financial statements and ‘Emphasis of Matter’ paragraph given by auditor of a subsidiary company which states that the subsidiary Company had filed an application dated 16 March, 2020 with Reserve Bank of India (RBI) for setting off Import payables to the suppliers against amount receivable from the distributors amounting to H 13,561.16 lakhs. Based on the RBI application, the subsidiary company has set off import payable amounting to H 13,435.10 lakhs with trade receivables from distributors amounting to H 13,354.16 lakhs and obsolete inventory of Import vendors amounting to H 80.94 lakhs during the financial year 2019-20. The approval from RBI is still in process. Our Opinion is not qualified in respect of this matter. Key Audit Matters Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. We have determined the matter described below to be the key audit matter to be communicated in our report: To the Members of DIXON TECHNOLOGIES (INDIA) LIMITED Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 174

[Page 177] Information Other than the Consolidated Financial Statements and Auditor’s Report thereon • The Holding Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises of the information included in Director’s Report, Management Discussions and Analysis (MD&A) and Corporate Governance Report but does not include the financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon, which we obtained on the date of this auditor’s report. • Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon. • In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained during the course of our audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. • If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard Management’s Responsibility for the Consolidated Financial Statements The Holding Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the matters stated in Section 134(5) of the Act with respect to preparation and presentation of these consolidated financial statements in term of the requirements of the Act, that give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position, consolidated financial performance (including other comprehensive income), consolidated cash flows and consolidated statement of changes in equity of the Group including its joint venture in accordance with the accounting principles generally accepted in India, including the Indian Accounting Standards specified under Section 133 of the Act. The respective Board of Directors of the companies included in the Group and of its joint venture are responsible for maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance with the provisions of the Act for safeguarding the assets of the Group and its joint venture and for preventing and detecting frauds and other irregularities; the selection and application of appropriate accounting policies; making judgments and estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and the design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls, that were operating effectively for ensuring accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, relevant to the preparation and presentation of the financial statements that give a true and fair view and are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, which have been used for the Key audit matter How our audit addressed the key audit matter Derivative financial instruments The Group has entered into various foreign exchange forward contracts which are used to manage and hedge foreign currency exchange risks. The Group has reported net derivative financial liabilities at fair value of H 187.97 lakhs as at 31 March, 2021. The Group’s accounting policy on derivatives is disclosed in note 2.23 and related disclosures are included in note 41. The financial instruments are measured at fair value through profit and loss account. The fair value of the derivative financial instruments is based on year-end quotes received from counterparty banks. In respect of designated hedging relationships, the Group measures the effectiveness thereof using valuation models, such as hypothetical derivative method. Testing the fair valuation of derivative instruments and effectiveness of hedging relationships, where applicable, are complex exercises and hence required substantial involvement of senior personnel on the audit engagement with relevant experience. Accordingly, valuation of the derivative financial instruments and hedge accounting is determined to be a key audit matter. We assessed the design and implementation and tested the operating effectiveness of the key controls over management’s processes for valuation of derivative financial instruments. Our audit procedures included, but were not limited to, the following substantive procedures: • Obtained independent direct confirmations from banks to confirm the outstanding financial instruments to verify existence and rights. • Reviewed the hedging strategy of the Group, economic relationship and hedge ratio between hedged items and hedging instruments to assess the hedge effectiveness of derivative contracts to the extent hedge accounting is applied. • Inspected the underlying agreements and deal confirmations for the derivatives. • Assessed whether the accounting policy is consistent with the requirements of Ind AS 109 ‘Financial Instruments’. • Evaluated the appropriateness of disclosures in relation to financial risk management, derivative financial instruments and hedge accounting. We have also obtained written representations from management on whether the significant assumptions used in valuation of derivatives are considered reasonable. Description of the Key audit matter 175 Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

[Page 178] purpose of preparation of the consolidated financial statements by the Directors of the Holding Company, as aforesaid. In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the respective Board of Directors of the companies included in the Group and of its joint venture are responsible for assessing the ability of the Group and of its joint venture to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless Management either intends to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so. The respective Board of Directors of the companies included in the Group and of its joint venture are responsible for overseeing the financial reporting process of the Group and of its joint venture. Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with SAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements. As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit. We also: • Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control. • Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances. Under Section 143(3)(i) of the Act, we are also responsible for expressing our opinion on whether the Holding Company has adequate internal financial controls system in place and the operating effectiveness of such controls. • Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by Management. • Conclude on the appropriateness of Management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the ability of the Group and its joint venture to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group and its joint venture to cease to continue as a going concern. • Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation. • Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities within the Group and its joint venture to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the audit of the financial statements of such entities included in the consolidated financial statements of which we are the independent auditors. For the other entities included in the consolidated financial statements, which have been audited by the other auditors, such other auditors remain responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the audits carried out by them. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion. We communicate with those charged with governance of the Holding Company and such other entities included in the consolidated financial statements of which we are the independent auditors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit. We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards. From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication. Other Matter We did not audit the financial statements of two subsidiaries included in the consolidated financial statements, whose financial statements reflect total assets of H 36,281.78 lakhs as at 31 Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 176

[Page 179] March, 2021, total revenues of H 57,923.14 lakhs, profit after tax (including other comprehensive income) of H 365.33 lakhs and net cash outflows amounting to H 2,095.37 lakhs for the year ended on that date, as considered in the consolidated financial statements. These financial statements have been audited by other auditors whose reports have been furnished to us by the Management and our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, in so far as it relates to the amounts and disclosures included in respect of these subsidiaries, and our report in terms of sub-section (3) of Section 143 of the Act, in so far as it relates to the aforesaid subsidiaries, is based solely on the reports of the other auditors. Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, and our report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements below, is not modified in respect of the above matter with respect to our reliance on the work done and the reports of the other auditors. Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements As required by Section 143(3) of the Act based on our audit and on the consideration of reports of the other auditors on separate financial statements and the other financial information of subsidiaries, as noted in the ‘Other Matters’ paragraph, we report, to the extent applicable, that: (a) We have sought and obtained all the information and explanations which to the best of our knowledge and belief were necessary for the purposes of our audit of the aforesaid consolidated financial statements. (b) In our opinion, proper books of account as required by law relating to preparation of the aforesaid consolidated financial statements have been kept so far as it appears from our examination of those books. (c) The Consolidated Balance Sheet, the Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss (including Other Comprehensive Income), and the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows and Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity dealt with by this report are in agreement with the relevant books of account maintained for the purpose of preparation of the consolidated financial statements. (d) In our opinion, the aforesaid consolidated financial statements comply with the Indian Accounting Standards specified under Section 133 of the Act, read with Rule 7 of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014. (e) On the basis of the written representations received from the directors of the Holding Company as on 31 March, 2021 taken on record by the Board of Directors of the Holding Company and the reports of the statutory auditors of its subsidiaries, none of the directors of the Group companies and its jointly controlled company is disqualified as on 31 March, 2021 from being appointed as a director in terms of Section 164 (2) of the Act. (f) With respect to the adequacy of internal financial controls with reference to financial statements of the Group and its joint venture and the operating effectiveness of such controls, refer to our separate report in Annexure A. (g) With respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditor’s Report in accordance with the requirements of Section 197(16) of the Act, as amended: In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us and based on the consideration of the report of other auditors on separate financial statements of the subsidiaries, the remuneration paid by the Holding Company and its subsidiaries and joint venture to its directors during the year is in accordance with the provisions of section 197 of the Act. (h) With respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditor’s Report in accordance with Rule 11 of the Companies (Audit and Auditor’s) Rules, 2014, in our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us and based on the consideration of the report of the other auditors on separate financial statements as also the other financial information of the subsidiaries, as noted in the ‘Other matter’ paragraph: i. The consolidated financial statements disclose the impact of pending litigations on the consolidated financial position of the Group and its joint venture– Refer Note 35 (a) to the consolidated financial statements. ii. The Group and its joint venture did not have any material foreseeable losses on long-term contracts including derivative contracts – Refer Note 35 (g) to the consolidated financial statements. iii. There were no amounts which were required to be transferred to the Investor Education and Protection Fund by the Holding Company. Refer Note 35 (f) to the consolidated financial statements. For S.N. Dhawan & CO LLP Chartered Accountants Firm’s Registration No.:000050N/N500045 Vinesh Jain Partner Place: New Delhi Membership No.: 87701 Date: 27 May, 2021 UDIN: 21087701AAAADI1107 177 Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

[Page 180] Independent Auditor’s report on the Internal Financial Controls with reference to financial statements under Clause (i) of Sub-section 3 of Section 143 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) 1. In conjunction with our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the Holding company as of and for the year ended 31 March, 2021, we have audited the internal financial controls with reference to financial statements of Dixon Technologies (India) Limited (hereinafter referred to as the “Holding Company”) and its subsidiary companies and its joint venture, which are companies incorporated in India, as of that date. Management’s Responsibility for Internal Financial Controls 2. The respective Board of Directors of the Holding Company, its subsidiary companies and its joint venture, which are companies incorporated in India, are responsible for establishing and maintaining internal financial controls based on the internal control over financial reporting criteria. These responsibilities include the design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls that were operating effectively for ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct of the Holding Company’s business, including adherence to the respective company’s policies, the safeguarding of the Holding Company’s assets, the prevention and detection of frauds and errors, the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, and the timely preparation of reliable financial information, as required under the Act. Auditors’ Responsibility 3. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the internal financial controls with reference to financial statements of the Holding Company, its subsidiary companies and its joint venture as aforesaid, based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting (the “Guidance Note”) issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI) and the Standards on Auditing, issued by ICAI and deemed to be prescribed under section 143(10) of the Act, to the extent applicable to an audit of internal financial controls, both issued by the ICAI. Those Standards and the Guidance Note require that we comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether adequate internal financial controls with reference to financial statements were established and maintained and if such controls operated effectively in all material respects. 4. Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the adequacy of the internal financial controls with reference to financial statements and their operating effectiveness. Our audit of internal financial controls system with reference to financial statements included obtaining an understanding of internal financial controls with reference to financial statements, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. The procedures selected depend on the auditor’s judgement, including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error. 5. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained and the audit evidence obtained by the other auditors in terms of their reports referred to in the Other Matter paragraph below, is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on the internal financial controls system with reference to financial statements of the Holding Company, its subsidiary company and its joint venture as aforesaid. Meaning of Internal Financial Controls with reference to financial statements 6. A company’s internal financial controls with reference to financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal financial controls with reference to financial statements includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Holding Company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Holding Company are being made only in accordance with authorisations of management and directors of the Holding Company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorised acquisition, use, or disposition of the Holding Company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Annexure A Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 178

[Page 181] Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls with reference to financial statements 7. Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls with reference to financial statements, including the possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of the internal financial controls with reference to financial statements to future periods are subject to the risk that the internal financial controls with reference to financial statements may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Opinion 8. In our opinion, the Holding Company, its subsidiary companies and its joint venture, which are companies incorporated in India, have, in all material respects, adequate internal financial controls system with reference to financial statements and such internal financial controls with reference to financial statements were operating effectively as at 31 March, 2021, based on internal control over financial reporting criteria. Other Matter 9. Our aforesaid reports under Section 143(3)(i) of the Act on the adequacy and operating effectiveness of the internal financial controls with reference to financial statements insofar as it relates to two subsidiaries, which are companies incorporated in India, is based on the corresponding reports of the auditors of such companies incorporated in India. For S.N. Dhawan & CO LLP Chartered Accountants Firm’s Registration No.:000050N/N500045 Vinesh Jain Partner Place: New Delhi Membership No.: 87701 Date: 27 May, 2021 UDIN: 21087701AAAADI1107 179 Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

[Page 182] Consolidated Balance Sheet as at 31 March, 2021 (H in Lakhs) Note No. As at 31 March 2021 As at 31 March 2020 ASSETS Non-current assets (a) Property, plant and equipment 5 40,587.62 31,137.61 (b) Capital work-in-progress 7,239.03 955.21 (c) Intangible assets 6 399.67 437.12 (d) Right to use assets 38 13,217.65 9,017.01 (e) Goodwill 816.65 816.65 (f) Financial assets i. Other financial assets 8 1,234.39 912.00 (g) Deferred tax assets (Net) 34 – 25.29 (h) Other non-current assets 9 1,962.26 1,802.56 65,457.27 45,103.45 Current assets (a) Inventories 10 74,324.55 49,784.35 (b) Financial assets i. Investments 7 9,525.31 – ii. Trade receivables 11 1,08,905.65 51,511.93 iii. Cash and cash equivalents 12 6,384.13 9,565.64 iv. Other bank balances 13 504.11 450.31 v. Loans 14 250.00 – vi. Other financial assets 8 1,204.12 3,125.55 (c) Other current assets 9 17,808.26 9,999.65 (d) Current tax assets 15 201.62 180.94 2,19,107.75 1,24,618.37 TOTAL ASSETS 2,84,565.02 1,69,721.82 EQUITY AND LIABILITIES Equity (a) Equity share capital 16 1,171.39 1,157.01 (b) Other equity 17 72,559.76 52,976.24 73,731.15 54,133.25 Liabilities Non-Current Liabilities (a) Financial liabilities: i. Borrowings 18 7,996.05 1,101.75 ii. Other financial liabilities 19 12,957.28 8,836.08 (b) Provisions 20 875.02 650.04 (c) Deferred tax liabilities (net) 21 1,838.21 1,501.96 (d) Other non-current liabilities 24 92.70 99.84 23,759.26 12,189.67 Current Liabilities (a) Financial liabilities: i. Borrowings 22 7,134.13 7,180.33 ii. Trade payables 23 Total outstanding dues of micro and small enterprises 5,685.56 1,759.24 Total outstanding dues of others 1,65,279.71 92,146.71 iii. Other financial liabilities 19 4,826.43 1,217.80 (b) Other current liabilities 24 3,577.75 539.49 (c) Provisions 20 562.99 438.53 (d) Current tax liabilities 25 8.04 116.80 1,87,074.61 1,03,398.90 TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 2,84,565.02 1,69,721.82 See accompanying notes forming part of the consolidated financial statements In terms of our report attached For and on behalf of the Board of Directors For S. N. Dhawan & CO LLP Chartered Accountants Sunil Vachani Atul B. Lall Firm’s Registration No. 000050N/N500045 Chairman Vice Chairman & Managing Director Vinesh Jain Saurabh Gupta Ashish Kumar Partner Chief Financial officer Company Secretary Membership No. 087701 Place: Delhi Place: Noida Date: 27 May, 2021 Date: 27 May, 2021 Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 180

[Page 183] Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss for the year ended 31 March, 2021 (H in Lakhs) Particulars Note No. Year Ended 31 March, 2021 Year Ended 31 March, 2020 INCOME 1 Revenue from operations 26 6,44,817.04 4,40,011.74 2 Other income 27 157.72 519.80 3 Total income (1+2) 6,44,974.76 4,40,531.54 4 EXPENSES (a) Cost of materials consumed 28 5,75,341.03 3,91,334.13 (b) Changes in inventories of finished goods, stock-in-trade and work-in-progress 29 1,631.28 (5,313.61) (c) Employee benefits expense 30 13,707.34 11,795.78 (d) Finance costs 31 2,743.45 3,496.72 (e) Depreciation and amortisation expense 32 4,372.07 3,652.52 (f) Other expenses 33 25,478.89 19,889.17 Total expenses (4) 6,23,274.05 4,24,854.71 5 Profit before exceptional items and tax (3-4) 21,700.71 15,676.83 6 Exceptional items – – 7 Profit before tax (5-6) 21,700.71 15,676.83 8 Tax expense: 34 (a) Current tax 5,464.16 4,066.31 (b) Deferred tax 401.61 (402.05) (c) Minimum alternative tax credit entitlement (38.63) (78.28) (d) Income tax related to earlier years (105.55) 40.84 Tax expense (8) 5,721.59 3,626.82 9 Profit for the year (7-8) 15,979.12 12,050.01 10 Other Comprehensive Income (‘OCI’) (a) Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss - re-measurement of defined benefit liabilities (7.10) (60.96) (b) Income tax relating to items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss 1.80 15.62 Other Comprehensive Income for the year (5.30) (45.34) 11 Total Comprehensive Income for the year (9+10) 15,973.82 12,004.67 12 Earnings per share 39 (Nominal value of share H 2) (a) Basic 27.49 21.11 (b) Diluted 26.87 20.54 See accompanying notes forming part of the consolidated financial statements In terms of our report attached For and on behalf of the Board of Directors For S. N. Dhawan & CO LLP Chartered Accountants Sunil Vachani Atul B. Lall Firm’s Registration No. 000050N/N500045 Chairman Vice Chairman & Managing Director Vinesh Jain Saurabh Gupta Ashish Kumar Partner Chief Financial officer Company Secretary Membership No. 087701 Place: Delhi Place: Noida Date: 27 May, 2021 Date: 27 May, 2021 181 Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

[Page 184] Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the year ended 31 March, 2021 (H in Lakhs) Particulars Year Ended 31 March, 2021 Year Ended 31 March, 2020 A. Cash flow from operating activities Profit before tax 21,700.71 15,676.83 Adjustments for : Depreciation and amortisation expense 4,372.07 3,652.52 Finance costs 2,743.45 3,496.72 (Gain) /Loss on Exchange fluctuation on borrowings 58.31 243.53 Provision for impairment of property, plant and equipment 205.00 240.00 Interest income (45.02) (274.60) Provision for doubtful debts / loans and advances written back (4.07) (226.88) (Profit)/Loss on sale of property, plant and equipment 32.93 29.97 Excess liabilities, credit balances, provisions etc. written back – (1.49) Provision for doubtful debts / loans and advances 18.60 – Income from waiver of lease rent (56.66) – Share based payment of employees 937.90 568.12 Bad debts write off 3.22 394.12 Fair value gain on mutual funds (38.72) (3.34) 29,927.72 23,795.50 Changes in working capital Adjustments for (increase) / decrease in operating assets: Inventories (24,540.20) (6,685.57) Trade receivables – non current 0.85 29,478.26 – current (57,394.72) 7,921.08 Other financial assets – non current (322.09) (368.49) – current 1,920.53 (979.62) Other assets – non current – 6.03 – current (7,826.71) (1,519.47) Adjustments for increase / (decrease) in operating liabilities: Trade payables – non current – (31,556.50) – current 77,052.64 10,487.48 Provisions – non current 224.98 178.79 – current 124.46 105.63 Other liabilities – non current (7.14) (6.14) – current 3,038.76 (2,407.89) Other financial liabilities 300.00 (420.62) Cash generated from operating activities 22,499.08 28,028.49 Income tax paid (net) (5,487.68) (4,294.20) Net cash generated from/(used in) operating activities 17,011.40 23,734.29 Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 182

[Page 185] See accompanying notes forming part of the consolidated financial statements In terms of our report attached For and on behalf of the Board of Directors For S. N. Dhawan & CO LLP Chartered Accountants Sunil Vachani Atul B. Lall Firm’s Registration No. 000050N/N500045 Chairman Vice Chairman & Managing Director Vinesh Jain Saurabh Gupta Ashish Kumar Partner Chief Financial officer Company Secretary Membership No. 087701 Place: Delhi Place: Noida Date: 27 May, 2021 Date: 27 May, 2021 (H in Lakhs) Particulars Year Ended 31 March, 2021 Year Ended 31 March, 2020 B. Cash flow from investing activities Capital expenditure on property, plant and equipment and intangible assets (16,817.45) (10,971.72) Sale proceeds of property, plant and equipment 21.80 162.71 Purchase of investments (9,525.31) – Loan given (net) (250.00) – Purchase of share of Joint Control Entities – (2,700.00) Sale of investments of Mutual fund – 1,521.10 Income from mutual funds 38.72 3.34 (Increase) / decrease in bank balance not considered as cash and cash equivalent (net) (53.80) 1,779.13 Interest income received 45.02 274.60 Net cash generated from/(used in) investing activities (26,541.02) (9,930.84) C. Cash flow from financing activities Interest paid (3,222.56) (3,774.62) Proceeds from issue of share 2,685.86 4,569.68 Proceeds from Non current borrowings 6,989.32 113.54 Proceeds / (repayment) of short term borrowings (104.51) (5,814.04) Dividend paid – (689.11) Payment of dividend distribution tax – (141.69) Net cash generated from/(used in) financing activities 6,348.11 (5,736.24) Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents (A+B+C) (3,181.51) 8,067.21 Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year 9,565.64 1,442.70 Cash on acquisition of stake in joint venture – 55.73 Cash and cash equivalents at the end of year 6,384.13 9,565.64 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the year ended 31 March, 2021 Notes: 1) The statement of cash flow has been prepared under the indirect method as set out in Ind AS 7 on statements of cash flow. 2) Figures in brackets indicate cash outflow. 3) Figures for the previous year have been regrouped wherever considered necessary. 4) Current taxes paid are treated as arising from operating activities and are not bifurcated between investing and financing activities. 183 Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

[Page 186] Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity for the year ended 31 March, 2021 a. Equity share capital (H in Lakhs) Particulars Amount Balance as at 1 April, 2019 1,132.51 Add: Shares issued under employee stock option scheme (see note 42) 24.50 Balance as at 31 March, 2020 1,157.01 Add: Shares issued under employee stock option scheme (see note 42) 14.38 Balance as at 31 March, 2021 1,171.39 b. Other equity (H in Lakhs) Particulars Reserves and surplus Other Comprehensive Income Total General reserve Securities premium Capital redemption reserve Share option outstanding Retained earnings Remeasurement of defined benefit plans Balance as at 1 April, 2019 703.36 9,604.05 33.24 264.26 26,146.66 (62.30) 36,689.27 Profit for the year - - - - 12,050.01 - 12,050.01 Dividend paid - - - - (689.31) - (689.31) Dividend distribution tax - - - (141.69) - (141.69) Share options expenses for the year - - - 568.12 - - 568.12 Transfer for share option exercised during the year 405.77 - - (405.77) - - - Premium on issue of share under employee stock option scheme - 4,545.18 - - - - 4,545.18 Remeasurement Gain/(Loss) on defined benefit plans - - - - - (45.34) (45.34) Balance as at 31 March, 2020 1,109.13 14,149.23 33.24 426.61 37,365.67 (107.64) 52,976.24 Profit for the year - - - - 15,979.12 - 15,979.12 Dividend paid - - - - - - Dividend distribution tax - - - - - - Share options expenses for the year - - - 937.90 - - 937.90 Transfer for share option exercised during the year 492.78 - - (492.78) - - - Premium on issue of share under employss stock option scheme - 2,671.80 - - - - 2,671.80 Remeasurement Gain/(Loss) on defined benefit plans - - - - - (5.30) (5.30) Balance as at 31 March, 2021 1,601.91 16,821.03 33.24 871.73 53,344.79 (112.94) 72,559.76 See accompanying notes forming part of the consolidated financial statements In terms of our report attached For and on behalf of the Board of Directors For S. N. Dhawan & CO LLP Chartered Accountants Sunil Vachani Atul B. Lall Firm’s Registration No. 000050N/N500045 Chairman Vice Chairman & Managing Director Vinesh Jain Saurabh Gupta Ashish Kumar Partner Chief Financial officer Company Secretary Membership No. 087701 Place: Delhi Place: Noida Date: 27 May, 2021 Date: 27 May, 2021 Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 184

[Page 187] 1 CORPORATE INFORMATION The Dixon Technologies (India) Limited (‘the Company’ or ‘the Holding Company’) is a Public Limited Company incorporated in India having its registered office located at B-14 & 15, Phase-II, Noida, Gautam Buddha Nagar, Uttar Pradesh, India- 201305. The Company’s CIN - L32101UP1993PLC066581. It was incorporated as per the provisions of the Companies Act as Dixon Utilities and Exports Private Limited in the year 1993. The Company is listed on BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited. The Group transformed from being a manufacturer of electronic goods to leading multi-product corporation with widespread activities. The Company is primarily engaged in the manufacturing of electronics as its core business activity. It has three wholly owned Subsidiary Companies namely “Dixon Global Private Limited” , “’Dixon Electro Appliances Private Limited”, ‘Dixon Electro Manufacturing Private Limited’, ‘Dixon Technologies Solutions Private Limited” and “Padget Electronics Private Limited and one Joint Venture company namely “AIL Dixon Technologies Private Limited”. The Parent Company, its subsidiaries and Joint Venture company together referred as “the Group”. (See note 49) 2 BASIS OF ACCOUNTING 2.1 Statement of Compliance Consolidated Financial statements (“CFS”) have been prepared in accordance with the Indian Accounting Standards (“Ind AS”) as prescribed by Ministry of Corporate Affairs pursuant to Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”), read with the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 as amended by the companies (Indian Accounting Standards ) Amendment Rules, 2016, other relevant provisions of the Act and other accounting principles generally accepted in India. The Group has prepared these Consolidated Financial Statements which comprise the Balance Sheet as at 31 March, 2021, the consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss for the year ended 31 March 2021, the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the year ended 31 March 2021 and the Statement of Changes in Equity for the year ended as on that date, and accounting policies and other explanatory information (together hereinafter referred to as ‘Consolidated Financial Statements’ or ‘financial statements’).” The Consolidated Financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 March, 2021 have been approved by the Board of Directors in their meeting held on 27 May, 2021 2.2 Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements The consolidated financial statements of the Group are prepared in accordance with Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS), under the historical cost convention on the accrual basis as per the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”), except for: – Financial instruments – measured at fair value; – Assets held for sale – measured at fair value less cost of sale; – Plan assets under defined benefit plans – measured at fair value – Employee share-based payments – measured at fair value – In addition, the carrying values of recognised assets and liabilities, designated as hedged items in fair value hedges that would otherwise be carried at cost, are adjusted to record changes in the fair values attributable to the risks that are being hedged in effective hedge relationship. Accounting policies have been consistently applied except where a newly issued accounting standard is initially adopted or a revision to an existing accounting standard requires a change in the accounting policy hitherto in use. 2.3 Basis of consolidation Subsidiary Subsidiary is an entity over which the Group has control. The Group controls an entity when the Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power to direct the relevant activities of the entity. Subsidiary is fully consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the Group. Profit/(loss) and Other Comprehensive Income (‘OCI’) of subsidiary acquired or disposed of during the period are recognised from the effective date of acquisition, or up to the effective date of disposal, as applicable. Consolidated subsidiary have a consistent reporting date. The Group consolidates the financial statements of the parent and its subsidiary on line by line basis adding together the items of assets, liabilities, equity, income and expenses. InterGroup transactions, balances and unrealised gains on transactions between group companies are eliminated. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of an impairment of the transferred asset. Accounting policies of subsidiary are in consistency with the policies adopted by the Group. The Parent company have 100% control over its subsidiaries so there is no Non controlling Interest. Joint Venture Investment in Joint Ventures has been accounted under the Equity Method as per Ind AS 28 – Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures. Investments in joint operations are accounted using the Proportionate Consolidation Method as per Ind AS 111 – Joint Arrangements 185 Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 188] For the information of consolidated entities refer note 49. 2.4 Current vs. Non-current classification The Group presents assets and liabilities in the Balance Sheet based on current/ non-current classification. An asset is classified as current when it is: – Expected to be realised or intended to sold or consumed in normal operating cycle; – Held primarily for the purpose of trading; – Expected to be realized within twelve months after the reporting period; or – Cash or cash equivalent unless restricted from being exchanged or used to settle a liability for at least twelve months after the reporting period. All the other assets are classified as non-current. A liability is current when: – It is expected to be settled in normal operating cycle; – It is held primarily for the purpose of trading; – It is due to be settled within twelve months after the reporting period; or – There is no unconditional right to defer the settlement of the liability for at least twelve months after the reporting period. All other liabilities are classified as non-current Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities are classified as non- current assets and liabilities respectively. 2.5 Functional and Presentation Currency The Consolidated Financial Statements have been presented in Indian Rupees (INR), which is also the Group’s functional currency. All Financial information presented in INR has been rounded off to the nearest lakh as per the requirements of Schedule III of “the Act” , unless otherwise stated. 2.6 Use of Estimates and Judgements The preparation of these consolidated financial statements in conformity with the recognition and measurement principles of Ind AS requires the management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported balances of assets and liabilities, disclosures relating to contingent liabilities as at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of income and expense for the periods presented. Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimates are revised and future periods are affected. Key sources of estimation of uncertainty at the date of the consolidated financial statements, which may cause a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year, are in respect of impairment of investments, useful lives of property, plant and equipment, valuation of deferred tax assets and fair value measurement of financial instruments, these are discussed below. Key sources of estimation of uncertainty in respect of revenue recognition, employee benefits and provisions and contingent liabilities have been discussed in their respective policies. The areas involving critical estimates or judgments are: Impairment of investments in subsidiaries The Group reviews its carrying value of investments carried at amortised cost annually, or more frequently when there is indication for impairment. If the recoverable amount is less than its carrying amount, the impairment loss is accounted for. Useful lives of property, plant and equipment The Group reviews the useful life of property, plant and equipment at the end of each reporting period. This reassessment may result in change in depreciation expense in future periods. “ Valuation of deferred tax assets The Group reviews the carrying amount of deferred tax assets at the end of each reporting period. The policy has been explained under note 2.18.” Fair value measurement of financial instruments When the fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities recorded in the balance sheet cannot be measured based on quoted prices in active markets, their fair value is measured using valuation techniques including the Discounted Cash Flow model. The inputs to these models are taken from observable markets where possible, but where this is not feasible, a degree of judgement is required in establishing fair values. Judgements include considerations of inputs such as liquidity risk, credit risk and volatility. Changes in assumptions about these factors could affect the reported fair value of financial instruments. The policy has been further explained under note 2.23, 2.27. 2.7 Inventories Inventories are valued at cost or net realisable value, whichever is lower. Cost comprise all costs of purchase, costs of conversion and other costs incurred in bringing the Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 186 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 189] inventories to their present location and condition and is determined on first in first out (‘FIFO’) basis. Net Realizable Value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less estimated cost of completion and the estimated cost necessary to make the sale. However materials and other items held for use in the production of inventories are not written down below cost if the finished products in which they will be incorporated are expected to be sold at or above cost. 2.8 Cash and Cash Equivalents Cash and cash equivalents in the Balance Sheet comprise cash at banks and on hand and short term deposits with an original maturity of three months or less, which are subject to an insignificant risk of change in value. 2.9 Property, Plant and Equipment Recognition and Measurement: Property, plant and equipment held for use in the production or/and supply of goods or services, or for administrative purposes, are stated in the Balance Sheet at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses (if any). Cost of an item of property, plant and equipment acquired comprises its purchase price, including import duties and non-refundable purchase taxes, after deducting any trade discounts and rebates, any directly attributable costs of bringing the assets to its working condition and location for its intended use and present value of any estimated cost of dismantling and removing the item and restoring the site on which it is located. Expenditure incurred after the property, plant and equipment have been put into operation, such as repairs and maintenance, are charged to the Statement of Profit and Loss in the year in which the costs are incurred. In case of self-constructed assets, cost includes the costs of all materials used in construction, direct labour, allocation of directly attributable overheads, directly attributable borrowing costs incurred in bringing the item to working condition for its intended use, and estimated cost of dismantling and removing the item and restoring the site on which it is located. The costs of testing whether the asset is functioning properly, after deducting the net proceeds from selling items produced while bringing the asset to that location and condition are also added to the cost of self- constructed assets. If significant parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, then they are accounted for as separate items (major components) of property, plant and equipment. Profit or loss arising on the disposal of property, plant and equipment are recognized in the Statement of Profit and Loss. Reclassification to Investment Property When the use of a property changes from owner-occupied to investment property, the property is reclassified as investment property at its carrying amount on the date of reclassification. Capital Work in Progress Capital work-in-progress is stated at cost which includes expenses incurred during construction period, interest on amount borrowed for acquisition of qualifying assets and other expenses incurred in connection with project implementation in so far as such expenses relate to the period prior to the commencement of commercial production. Subsequent expenditure and componentisation Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of the replaced part is derecognised. The carrying amount of any component accounted for as a separate asset is derecognised when replaced. All other repairs and maintenance are charged to profit or loss during the reporting period in which they are incurred. Depreciation and Amortization Depreciation on tangible assets is provided on straight line method at the rates determined based on the useful lives of respective assets as prescribed in the Schedule II of the Act. In case the cost of part of tangible asset is significant to the total cost of the assets and useful life of that part is different from the remaining useful life of the asset, depreciation has been provided on straight line method based on internal assessment and independent technical evaluation carried out by external valuers, which the management believes that the useful lives of the component best represent the period over which it expects to use those components. The Group uses the useful life of assets as per Schedule II of the Companies Act, however in certain components of property, plant and equipment the life has been provided based on the useful life as follows: Nature Life in years Plant and machinery 2-15 years Tools and dies 15 years Fan, coolers, air conditioners etc. 5 years Computers 3 to 6 years The Group, based on technical assessment made by technical expert and management estimate, depreciates certain items of office equipment and computer over estimated useful lives which are different from the useful life prescribed in 187 Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 190] Schedule II to the Companies Act, 2013. The management believes that these estimated useful lives are realistic and reflect fair approximation of the period over which the assets are likely to be used. Depreciation on additions (disposals) during the year is provided on a pro-rata basis i.e., from (up to) the date on which asset is ready for use (disposed of). Depreciation on assets built on leasehold land, which is transferrable to the lessor on expiry of lease period, is amortized over the period of lease. Depreciation method, useful lives and residual values are reviewed at each Financial year-end and adjusted if appropriate. Disposal of Assets An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognized upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected to arise from the continued use of the asset. Any gain or loss arising on the disposal or retirement of an item of property, plant and equipment is determined as the difference between net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and is recognized in the Statement of Profit and Loss. Reclassification to Investment Property When the use of a property changes from owner-occupied to investment property, the property is reclassified as investment property at its carrying amount on the date of reclassification. 2.10 Investment properties – Investment Property is property (comprising land or building or both) held to earn rental income or for capital appreciation or both, but not for sale in ordinary course of business, use in the production or supply of goods or services or for administrative purposes. – Upon initial recognition, an investment Property is measured at cost. Subsequently they are stated in the Balance Sheet at cost, less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses, if any. – Subsequent expenditure is capitalised to the asset’s carrying amount only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the expenditure will flow to the Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. All other repairs and maintenance costs are expensed when incurred. When part of an investment property is replaced, the carrying amount of the replaced part is derecognised. – Any gain or loss on disposal of investment property is determined as the difference between net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the property and is recognized in the Statement of Profit and Loss. – The depreciable investment property i.e., buildings, are depreciated on a straight line method at a rate determined based on the useful life as provided under Schedule II of “the Act’’. – Investment properties are derecognized either when they have been disposed of or when they are permanently withdrawn from the use and no future economic benefit is expected from their disposal. The net difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset is recognized in profit or loss in the period of derecognition. 2.11 Intangible Assets Recognition and Measurement The intangible assets comprises software which is not an integral part of related hardware, is treated as intangible asset and are stated at cost on initial recognition and subsequently measured at cost less accumulated amortization and accumulated impairment loss, if any. Subsequent expenditure Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount, only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the cost incurred will flow to the Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. All other expenditure is recognized in the Statement of Profit & Loss. Amortization – Intangible assets is amortised on straight line method over a period of three to six years. – The amortization period and the amortization method are reviewed at least at the end of each Financial year. If the expected useful life of the assets is significantly different from previous estimates, the amortization period is changed accordingly. Intangible Assets under Development Intangible Assets under development is stated at cost which includes expenses incurred in connection with development of Intangible Assets in so far as such expenses relate to the period prior to the getting the assets ready for use. 2.12 Impairment of Non-Financial Assets The Group assesses, at each reporting date, whether there is an indication that an asset may be impaired. An asset is treated as impaired when the carrying cost of the asset exceeds its recoverable value being higher of value in use Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 188 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 191] and net selling price. Value in use is computed at net present value of cash flow expected over the balance useful lives of the assets. For the purpose of assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels for which there are separately identifiable cash inflows which are largely independent of the cash inflows from other assets or group of assets (Cash Generating Units – CGU). An impairment loss is recognized as an expense in the Statement of Profit and Loss in the year in which an asset is identified as impaired. The impairment loss recognized in earlier accounting period is reversed if there has been an improvement in recoverable amount. 2.13 Non-current assets or disposal held for sale Non-current assets or disposal groups are classified as held for sale if their carrying amounts will be recovered principally through a sale transaction rather than through continuing use. Such assets or disposal groups are classified only when both the conditions are satisfied: - – The sale is highly probable, and – The asset or disposal group is available for immediate sale in its present condition subject only to terms that are usual and customary for sale of such assets. Management must be committed to the sale, which should be expected to qualify for recognition as a completed sale within one year from the date of classification as held for sale, and actions required to complete the plan of sale should indicate that it is unlikely that significant changes to the plan will be made or that the plan will be withdrawn. Non current assets or disposal group are presented separately from the other assets in the balance sheet. The liabilities of a disposal group classified as held for sale are presented separately from other liabilities in the balance sheet. Upon classification, non-current assets or disposal group held for sale are measured at the lower of carrying amount and fair value less costs to sell. Non-current assets which are subject to depreciation are not depreciated or amortized once those classified as held for sale. 2.14 Government Grants Government grants are recognized at their fair values when there is reasonable assurance that the grants will be received and the Group will comply with all the attached conditions. When the grant relates to an expense item, it is recognized as income on a systematic basis over the periods that the related costs, for which it is intended to compensate, are expensed. Grants related to purchase of property, plant and equipment are included in non-current liabilities as deferred income and are credited to Statement of Profit and Loss on a straight line basis over the expected useful life of the related asset and presented within other operating revenue or netted off against the related expenses. 2.15 Revenue Recognition The Group engaged in the manufacturing washing machine, Moulding and Other Electronics etc. Revenue from contracts with customers is recognised when control of the goods or services are transferred to the customer at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. Description of performance obligations are as follows: Sale of Goods Revenue from sale of goods is recognised at the point in time when control of the asset is transferred to the customer, generally on delivery of the goods. Delivery occurs when the products have been shipped to the specified location, the risks of obsolescence and loss have been transferred to the customer, and either the customer has accepted the products in accordance with the sales contract, the acceptance provisions have lapsed, or the Group has objective evidence that all criteria for acceptance have been satisfied. Revenue from the sale of goods is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable, net of returns and allowances, trade discounts and volume rebates. Sales-related warranties associated with sale of goods cannot be purchased separately and they serve as an assurance that the products sold comply with agreed-upon specifications. Accordingly, the Group accounts for warranties in accordance with IAS 37 Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets. Interest Income For all debt instruments measured either at amortized cost or at Fair Value through Other Comprehensive Income (FVTOCI), interest income is recorded using the Effective Interest Rate (EIR). EIR is the rate that exactly discounts the estimated future cash receipts over the expected life of the Financial instrument or a shorter period, where appropriate, to the gross carrying amount of the Financial asset. Dividend Income Dividend Income from investments is recognized when the Group’s right to receive payment has been established. Other Operating Revenue Export incentive and subsidies are recognized when there is reasonable assurance that the Group will comply with the conditions and the incentive will be received. Insurance claims Insurance claims are accounted for on acceptance or to the extent amount have been received. 189 Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 192] 2.16 Leases As a lessee The Group recognises a right-of-use asset and a lease liability at the lease commencement date. The right-of-use asset is initially measured at cost, which comprises the initial amount of the lease liability adjusted for any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, plus any initial direct costs incurred and an estimate of costs to dismantle and remove the underlying asset or to restore the underlying asset or the site on which it is located, less any lease incentives received. The right-of-use asset is subsequently depreciated using the straight-line method from the commencement date to the earlier of the end of the useful life of the right-of-use asset or the end of the lease term. The estimated useful lives of right- of-use assets are determined on the same basis as those of property and equipment. In addition, the right-of-use asset is periodically reduced by impairment losses, if any, and adjusted for certain re-measurements of the lease liability. The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at the commencement date, discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if that rate cannot be readily determined, Group’s incremental borrowing rate. Generally, the Group uses its incremental borrowing rate as the discount rate. Lease payments included in the measurement of the lease liability comprise the following: – Fixed payments, including in-substance fixed payments; – Variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, initially measured using the index or rate as at the commencement date; – Amounts expected to be payable under a residual value guarantee; and – The exercise price under a purchase option that the Group is reasonably certain to exercise, lease payments in an optional renewal period if the Group is reasonably certain to exercise an extension option, and penalties for early termination of a lease unless the Group is reasonably certain not to terminate early. The lease liability is measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method. It is remeasured when there is a change in future lease payments arising from a change in an index or rate, if there is a change in the Group’s estimate of the amount expected to be payable under a residual value guarantee, or if Group changes its assessment of whether it will exercise a purchase, extension or termination option. When the lease liability is remeasured in this way, a corresponding adjustment is made to the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset, or is recorded in profit or loss if the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset has been reduced to zero. The Group presents right-of-use assets that do not meet the definition of investment property in ‘property, plant and equipment’ and lease liabilities in ‘loans and borrowings’ in the statement of financial position. Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets The Group has elected not to recognise right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for short-term leases of real estate properties that have a lease term of 12 months. The Group recognises the lease payments associated with these leases as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Arrangements in the nature of lease The Group enters into agreements, comprising a transaction or series of related transactions that does not take the legal form of a lease but conveys the right to use the asset in return for a payment or series of payments. In case of such arrangements, the Group applies the requirements of Ind AS 116 – Leases to the lease element of the arrangement. For the purpose of applying the requirements under Ind AS 116 – Leases, payments and other consideration required by the arrangement are separated at the inception of the arrangement into those for lease and those for other elements. 2.17 Foreign Currency Transactions Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the spot rates of exchanges at the dates of the transactions. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the functional currency spot rate of exchanges at the reporting date. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of such transactions and from the translation of monetary assets and liabilities are generally recognized in profit or loss in the year in which they arise except for exchange differences on foreign currency borrowings relating to assets under construction for future productive use, which are included in the cost of those qualifying assets when they are regarded as an adjustment to interest costs on those foreign currency borrowings, the balance is presented in the Statement of Profit and Loss within finance costs. Non monetary items are not retranslated at period end and are measured at historical cost (translated using the exchange rate at the transaction date). Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 190 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 193] 2.18 Income Tax Income Tax comprises current and deferred tax. It is recognized in the Statement of Profit and Loss except to the extent that it relates to an item recognized directly in equity or in Other Comprehensive Income. Current Tax Current income tax assets and liabilities are measured at the amount expected to be recovered from or paid to the taxation authorities. The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from ‘profit before tax’ as reported in the statement of profit and loss because of items of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other years and items that are never taxable or deductible. Current income tax relating to items recognised outside statement of profit and loss is recognised outside statement of profit and loss (either in other comprehensive income or in equity). Current tax items are recognised in correlation to the underlying transaction either in other comprehensive income or directly in equity. Management periodically evaluates positions taken in the tax returns with respect to situations in which applicable tax regulations are subject to interpretation and establishes provisions where appropriate. The Group’s current tax is calculated using tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.” Deferred Tax Deferred Tax assets and liabilities shall be measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the period when the asset is realized or the liability is settled based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period. Deferred tax is recognized in respect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for Financial reporting purposes and the corresponding amounts used for taxation purposes (i.e., tax base). Deferred tax is also recognized for carry forward of unused tax losses and unused tax credits. Deferred tax assets are recognized to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary differences, and the carry forward of unused tax credits and unused tax losses can be utilized. The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period. The Group reduces the carrying amount of a deferred tax asset to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow the benefit of part or that entire deferred tax asset to be utilized. Any such reduction is reversed to the extent that it becomes probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available. Deferred tax relating to items recognized outside the Statement of Profit and Loss is recognized either in Other Comprehensive Income (OCI) or in equity. Deferred tax items are recognized in correlation to the underlying transaction either in OCI or directly in equity. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority and the Group intends to settle its current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis. 2.19 Borrowing Cost Borrowing Costs consists of interest and other costs that an entity incurs in connection with the borrowings of funds. Borrowing costs also includes exchange difference to the extent regarded as an adjustment to the borrowing costs. Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition or construction of a qualifying asset are capitalized as a part of the cost of that asset that necessarily takes a substantial period of time to complete and prepare the asset for its intended use or sale. The Group considers a period of twelve months or more as a substantial period of time. Transaction costs in respect of long term borrowing are amortized over the tenure of respective loans using Effective Interest Rate (EIR) method. All other borrowing costs are recognized in the Statement of Profit and Loss in the period in which they are incurred. 2.20 Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets Provisions Provisions are recognized when there is a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past event and it is probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation. Provisions are determined by discounting the expected future cash flows (representing the best estimate of the expenditure required to settle the present obligation at the balance sheet date) at a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the liability. The unwinding of the discount is recognized as finance cost. Warranties Provisions for the expected cost of warranty obligations under local sale of goods legislation are recognised at the date of sale of the relevant products, at the management’s best estimate of the expenditure required to settle the Group’s obligation. 191 Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 194] Warranty Provision is measured at discounted present value using pre-tax discount rate that reflects the current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the liability. Product warranty liability and warranty expenses are recorded at the time the product is sold, if the claims of the customers under warranty are probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated.” Contingent Liabilities Contingent liability is a possible obligation arising from past events and the existence of which will be confirmed only by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly within the control of the Group or a present obligation that arises from past events but is not recognized because it is not possible that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefit will be required to settle the obligations or reliable estimate of the amount of the obligations cannot be made. The Group discloses the existence of contingent liabilities in Other Notes to Financial Statements. Contingent Assets Contingent assets usually arise from unplanned or other unexpected events that give rise to the possibility of an inflow of economic benefits. Contingent Assets are not recognized though are disclosed, where an inflow of economic benefits is probable. 2.21 Employee Benefits Short Term Benefits Short term employee benefit obligations are measured on an undiscounted basis and are expensed as the related services are provided. Liabilities for wages and salaries, including non-monetary benefits that are expected to be settled wholly within twelve months after the end of the period in which the employees render the related service are recognized in respect of employees’ services up to the end of the reporting period. Other Long Term Employee Benefits Leave, as the leave accrued, if any, lapses at the end of the year and hence, no liability in respect of accrued leave arises. Post Employment Benefits The Group operates the following post employment schemes: – Defined Benefit Plans The liability or asset recognized in the Balance Sheet in respect of defined benefit plans is the present value of the defined benefit obligation at the end of the reporting period less the fair value of plan assets. The Group’s net obligation in respect of defined benefit plans is calculated separately for each plan by estimating the amount of future benefit that employees have earned in the current and prior periods. The defined benefit obligation is calculated annually by Actuaries using the projected unit credit method. The liability recognized for defined benefit plans is the present value of the defined benefit obligation at the reporting date less the fair value of plan assets, together with adjustments for unrecognized actuarial gains or losses and past service costs. The net interest cost is calculated by applying the discount rate to the net balance of the defined benefit obligation and the fair value of plan assets. The benefits are discounted using the government securities (G-Sec) at the end of the reporting period that have terms approximating to the terms of related obligation. Remeasurements of the net defined benefit obligation, which comprise actuarial gains and losses, the return on plan assets (excluding interest) and the effect of the asset ceiling, are recognized in Other Comprehensive Income. Remeasurement recognized in Other Comprehensive Income is reflected immediately in retained earnings and will not be reclassified to the Statement of Profit and Loss. Defined Contribution Plan Defined contribution plans such as provident fund etc. are charged to the Statement of Profit and Loss as and when incurred. Termination Benefit Expenditure incurred on Voluntary Retirement Scheme is charged to the Statement of Profit and Loss immediately. 2.22 Share-based payment arrangements Equity-settled share-based payments to employees and others providing similar services are measured at the fair value of the equity instruments at the grant date. The fair value determined at the grant date of the equity- settled share-based payments is expensed on a straight- line basis over the vesting period, based on the Group’s estimate of equity instruments that will eventually vest, with a corresponding increase in equity. At the end of each reporting period, the Group revises its estimate of the number of equity instruments expected to vest. The impact of the revision of the original estimates, if any, is recognised in profit or loss such that the cumulative expense reflects the revised estimate, with a corresponding adjustment to the equity-settled employee benefits reserve. Equity-settled share-based payment transactions with parties other than employees are measured at the fair value of the goods or services received, except where that fair value cannot be estimated reliably, in which case they are measured at the fair value of the equity instruments granted, measured at the date the entity obtains the goods or the counterparty renders the service. Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 192 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 195] For cash-settled share-based payments, a liability is recognised for the goods or services acquired, measured initially at the fair value of the liability. At the end of each reporting period until the liability is settled, and at the date of settlement, the fair value of the liability is remeasured, with any changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss for the year. 2.23 Financial Instruments A Financial instrument is any contract that gives rise to a Financial asset of one entity and a Financial liability or equity instrument of another entity. Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when an entity becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the instrument. Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value. Transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities (other than financial assets and financial liabilities at fair value through Statement of Profit and Loss (FVTPL)) are added to or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition. Transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets or financial liabilities at fair value through profit and loss are recognised immediately in consolidated statement of Profit and Loss.” Financial assets – Recognition and initial measurement: A Financial asset is initially measured at fair value plus, in the case of Financial assets not recorded at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs that are attributable to the acquisition of the Financial asset. – Classification and subsequent measurement: For purposes of subsequent measurement, Financial assets are classified in four categories: o Measured at Amortized Cost; o Measured at Fair Value Through Other Comprehensive Income (FVTOCI); o Measured at Fair Value Through Profit or Loss (FVTPL); and o Equity Instruments measured at Fair Value Through Other Comprehensive Income (FVTOCI). Financial assets are not reclassified subsequent to their initial recognition, except if and in the period the Group changes its business model for managing Financial assets. – Measured at amortized cost: A debt instrument is measured at the amortized cost if both the following conditions are met: – The asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual cash flows; and – The contractual terms of the Financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest (SPPI) on the principal amount outstanding. After initial measurement, such Financial assets are subsequently measured at amortized cost using the effective interest rate (EIR) method. – Measured at FVTOCI: A debt instrument is measured at the FVTOCI if both the following conditions are met: – The objective of the business model is achieved by both collecting contractual cash flows and selling the Financial assets; and – The asset’s contractual cash flows represent SPPI. Debt instruments meeting these criteria are measured initially at fair value plus transaction costs. They are subsequently measured at fair value with any gains or losses arising on remeasurement recognized in Other Comprehensive Income, except for impairment gains or losses and foreign exchange gains or losses. Interest calculated using the effective interest method is recognized in the Statement of Profit and Loss in investment income. – Measured at FVTPL: FVTPL is a residual category for debt instruments. Any debt instrument, which does not meet the criteria for categorization as at amortized cost or as FVTOCI, is classified as FVTPL. In addition, the Group may elect to designate a debt instrument, which otherwise meets amortized cost or FVTOCI criteria, as at FVTPL. Debt instruments included within the FVTPL category are measured at fair value with all changes recognized in the Statement of Profit and Loss. – Equity Instruments measured at FVTOCI: Equity instrument in scope of Ind AS – 109 are measured at fair value. On initial recognition, an equity investment that is not held for trading, the Group may irrevocably elect to present subsequent changes in fair value in OCI. The election is made on an investment by investment basis. 193 Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 196] All other Financial instruments are classified as measured at FVTPL. Derecognition The Group derecognizes a Financial asset on trade date only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset expire, or when it transfers the Financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the asset to another entity. – Impairment of Financial Assets The Group assesses at each date of Balance Sheet whether a Financial asset or a group of Financial assets is impaired. Ind AS – 109 requires expected credit losses to be measured through a loss allowance. The Group recognizes lifetime expected losses for all contract assets and/ or all trade receivables that do not constitute a financing transaction. For all other Financial assets, expected credit losses are measured at an amount equal to the 12 months expected credit losses or at an amount equal to the life time expected credit losses if the credit risk on the Financial asset has increased significantly since initial recognition. Financial liabilities and equity instruments Classification as debt or equity Debt and equity instruments issued by a Group are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in accordance with the substance of the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity instrument. Equity instruments An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity after deducting all of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Group are recognised at the proceeds received, net of directly attributable transaction costs. Financial liabilities: – Recognition and Initial Measurement: Financial liabilities are classified, at initial recognition, as at fair value through profit or loss, loans and borrowings, payables or as derivatives, as appropriate. All Financial liabilities are recognized initially at fair value and, in the case of loans and borrowings and payables, net of directly attributable transaction costs. – Subsequent Measurement: Financial liabilities are measured subsequently at amortized cost or FVTPL. A Financial liability is classified as FVTPL if it is classified as held-for-trading, or it is a derivative or it is designated as such on initial recognition. Financial liabilities at FVTPL are measured at fair value and net gains and losses, including any interest expense, are recognized in Statement of Profit and Loss. Other Financial liabilities are subsequently measured at amortized cost using the effective interest rate method. Interest expense and foreign exchange gains and losses are recognized in consolidated statement of Profit and Loss. Any gain or loss on derecognition is also recognized in Statement of Profit and Loss. – Financial Guarantee Contracts Financial guarantee contracts issued by the Group are those contracts that require a payment to be made to reimburse the holder for a loss it incurs because the specified debtor fails to make a payment when due in accordance with the terms of a debt instrument. Financial guarantee contracts are recognized initially as a liability at fair value, adjusted for transaction costs that are directly attributable to the issuance of the guarantee. Subsequently, the liability is measured at the higher of the amount of loss allowance determined as per impairment requirement of Ind AS 109 and the amount recognized less cumulative amortization. – Derecognition A Financial liability is derecognized when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled or expires. Offsetting Financial instruments Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount reported in the Balance Sheet when there is a legally enforceable right to offset the recognized amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net basis or realize the asset and settle the liability simultaneously. The legally enforceable right must not be contingent on future events and must be enforceable in the normal course of business and in the event of default, insolvency or bankruptcy of the counterparty. Derivative Financial instruments: The Group holds derivative financial instruments such as foreign exchange forward and options contracts to mitigate the risk of changes in exchange rates on foreign currency exposures. The counterparty for these contracts is generally a bank. The Group does not hold derivative Financial instruments for speculative purposes. Derivatives are initially recognised at fair value at the date the derivative contracts are entered into and are subsequently remeasured to their fair value at the end of each reporting period. The resulting gain or loss is recognised in Statement of profit and loss immediately. Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 194 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 197] Share capital Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issuance of new ordinary shares and share options and buyback of ordinary shares are recognized as a deduction from equity, net of any tax effects. Offsetting financial instrument Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the balance sheet where there is a legally enforceable right to offset the recognised amounts and there is an intention to settle financial asset and liability on a net basis or realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously. 2.24 Operating Segment Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the Chief Operating Decision Maker (‘CODM’). The CODM comprises Board of directors, Managing Director & Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer which assesses the financial performance and position of the Group and makes strategic decisions. 2.25 Earnings Per Share Basic earnings per share are calculated by dividing the net profit or loss for the period attributable to equity shareholders by the weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the period. The weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the period is adjusted for events such as bonus issue, bonus element in a rights issue, share split, and reverse share split (consolidation of shares) that have changed the number of equity shares outstanding, without a corresponding change in resources. For the purpose of calculating diluted earnings per share, the net profit or loss for the period attributable to equity shareholders and the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the period are adjusted for the effect of all potentially dilutive equity shares. 2.26 Exceptional Items Exceptional items are transactions which due to their size or incidence are separately disclosed to enable a full understanding of the Group’s Financial performance. Items which may be considered exceptional are significant restructuring charges, gains or losses on disposal of investments of subsidiaries, associate and joint ventures and impairment losses/write down in the value of investment in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures and significant disposal of fixed assets. 2.27 Measurement of Fair Values A number of the Group’s accounting policies and disclosures require the measurement of fair values, for both Financial and non-Financial assets and liabilities. Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The fair value measurement is based on the presumption that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability takes place either: – In the principal market for the asset or liability, or – In the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market for the asset or liability. The principal or the most advantageous market must be accessible by the Group. The fair value of an asset or a liability is measured using the assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability, assuming that market participants act in their economic best interest. A fair value measurement of a non-Financial asset takes into account a market participant’s ability to generate economic benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling it to another market participant that would use the asset in its highest and best use. The Group uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufficient data are available to measure fair value, maximizing the use of relevant observable inputs and minimizing the use of unobservable inputs. All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the Financial statements are categorized within the fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based on the input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole: – Level 1 — Quoted (unadjusted) market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities – Level 2 — Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1, that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly; and – Level 3 — Inputs which are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability. External valuers are involved for valuation of significant assets & liabilities. Involvement of external valuers is decided by the management of the Group considering the requirements of Ind As and selection criteria include market knowledge, reputation, independence and whether professional standards are maintained. 2.28 Research and development expenditure Research and development expenditure that do not meet the criteria for the recognition of intangible assets are recognised as an expense as incurred. Development costs previously recognised as an expense are not recognised as an asset in a subsequent period. 195 Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 198] 3 Recent accounting pronouncements On March 24, 2021, the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”) through a notification, amended Schedule III of the Companies Act, 2013. The amendments revise Division I, II and III of Schedule III and are applicable from April 1, 2021. Key amendments relating to Division II which relate to companies whose condolidated financial statements are required to comply with Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules 2015 are: Balance Sheet a. Lease liabilities should be separately disclosed under the head ‘financial liabilities’, duly distinguished as current or non-current. b. Certain additional disclosures in the statement of changes in equity such as changes in equity share capital due to prior period errors and restated balances at the beginning of the current reporting period. c. Specified format for disclosure of shareholding of promoters. d. Specified format for ageing schedule of trade receivables, trade payables, capital work-in-progress and intangible asset under development. e. If a Group has not used funds for the specific purpose for which it was borrowed from banks and financial institutions, then disclosure of details of where it has been used. f. Specific disclosure under ‘additional regulatory requirement’ such as compliance with approved schemes of arrangements, compliance with number of layers of companies, title deeds of immovable property not held in name of Group, loans and advances to promoters, directors, key managerial personnel (KMP) and related parties, details of benami property held etc. Statement of profit and loss: a. Additional disclosures relating to Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR), undisclosed income and crypto or virtual currency specified under the head ‘additional information’ in the notes forming part of the standalone financial statements. The amendments are extensive and the Group will evaluate the same to give effect to them as required by law. 4 Significant Judgements and Key sources of Estimation in applying Accounting Policies Information about Significant judgements and Key sources of estimation made in applying accounting policies that have the most significant effects on the amounts recognized in the Financial statements is included in the following notes: a. Recognition of Deferred Tax Assets: The extent to which deferred tax assets can be recognized is based on an assessment of the probability of the Group’s future taxable income against which the deferred tax assets can be utilized. In addition, significant judgement is required in assessing the impact of any legal or economic limits. b. Useful lives of depreciable/ amortizable assets (tangible and intangible): Management reviews its estimate of the useful lives of depreciable/ amortizable assets at each reporting date, based on the expected utility of the assets. Uncertainties in these estimates relate to actual normal wear and tear that may change the utility of plant and equipment. c. Classification of Leases: The Group enters into leasing arrangements for various assets. The classification of the leasing arrangement as a finance lease or operating lease is based on an assessment of several factors, including, but not limited to, transfer of ownership of leased asset at end of lease term, lessee’s option to purchase and estimated certainty of exercise of such option, proportion of lease term to the asset’s economic life, proportion of present value of minimum lease payments to fair value of leased asset and extent of specialized nature of the leased asset. d. Defined Benefit Obligation (DBO): Employee benefit obligations are measured on the basis of actuarial assumptions which include mortality and withdrawal rates as well as assumptions concerning future developments in discount rates, medical cost trends, anticipation of future salary increases and the inflation rate. The Group considers that the assumptions used to measure its obligations are appropriate. However, any changes in these assumptions may have a material impact on the resulting calculations. e. Provisions and Contingencies: The assessments undertaken in recognizing provisions and contingencies have been made in accordance with Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS) 37, ‘Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets’. The evaluation of the likelihood of the contingent events is applied best judgement by management regarding the probability of exposure to potential loss. Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 196 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 199] f. Impairment of Financial Assets: The Group reviews its carrying value of investments carried at amortized cost annually, or more frequently when there is indication of impairment. If recoverable amount is less than its carrying amount, the impairment loss is accounted for. g. Allowances for Doubtful Debts: The Group makes allowances for doubtful debts through appropriate estimations of irrecoverable amount. The identification of doubtful debts requires use of judgment and estimates. Where the expectation is different from the original estimate, such difference will impact the carrying value of the trade and other receivables and doubtful debts expenses in the period in which such estimate has been changed. h. Fair value measurement of Financial Instruments: When the fair values of Financial assets and Financial liabilities recorded in the balance sheet cannot be measured based on quoted prices in active markets, their fair value is measured using valuation techniques including the Discounted Cash Flow model. The input to these models are taken from observable markets where possible, but where this not feasible, a degree of judgement is required in establishing fair values. Judgements include considerations of inputs such as liquidity risk, credit risk and volatility. i. Warranty : Warranty Provision is measured at discounted present value using pre-tax discount rate that reflects the current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the liability. Product warranty liability and warranty expenses are recorded at the time the product is sold, if the claims of the customers under warranty are probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated. 197 Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 200] (H in Lakhs) Particulars Land Office buildings Factory buildings Residential building Electric installations Plant and machinery Tools and dies Fan, coolers, air conditioners etc. Office equipment Furniture and fixtures Vehicles Computers Total At cost or deemed cost Balance as at 31 March, 2019 1,017.64 477.39 4,898.52 – 727.00 15,450.59 2,339.85 377.05 260.84 1,594.12 553.52 562.25 28,258.77 Adjustment on acquisition of share of joint venture (See note 49) – – 168.31 – 59.29 1,582.34 18.94 – 10.46 72.69 0.36 77.06 1,989.45 Additions 176.18 10.52 2,747.57 464.95 631.40 3,428.94 560.44 120.48 214.01 433.56 282.96 154.29 9,225.30 Disposals – – – – – 135.44 122.45 0.38 – 7.45 15.77 6.19 287.68 Balance as at 31 March, 2020 1,193.82 487.91 7,814.40 464.95 1,417.69 20,326.43 2,796.78 497.15 485.31 2,092.92 821.07 787.41 39,185.84 Additions – – 531.90 – 367.22 9,413.02 1,356.31 28.93 274.32 467.86 241.39 515.79 13,196.74 Disposals – – 3.37 – 2.27 190.03 0.08 1.94 1.12 1.33 109.25 91.81 401.21 Balance as at 31 March, 2021 1,193.82 487.91 8,342.92 464.95 1,782.64 29,549.42 4,153.01 524.14 758.51 2,559.45 953.21 1,211.39 51,981.37 Accumulated depreciation and impairment i. Accumulated depreciation Balance as at 31 March, 2019 23.67 18.22 430.74 – 170.25 2,414.28 445.16 180.35 88.05 295.51 211.27 295.72 4,573.22 Adjustment on acquisition of share of joint venture (See note 49) – – 16.46 – 16.77 141.49 1.65 – 4.91 21.63 0.11 45.21 248.23 Charge for the Year 7.89 7.89 247.08 12.27 117.83 1,708.15 333.16 83.52 69.55 190.20 78.14 163.07 3,018.75 Disposals – – – – – 78.74 1.06 0.37 – 2.90 10.94 1.21 95.22 Balance as at 31 March, 2020 31.56 26.11 694.28 12.27 304.85 4,185.18 778.91 263.50 162.51 504.44 278.58 502.79 7,744.98 Charge for the Year 7.90 11.72 321.26 12.27 151.08 1,962.64 229.74 76.77 94.99 206.77 107.02 176.88 3,359.04 Disposals – – 0.04 – 0.56 39.98 0.01 0.91 0.45 0.28 89.82 86.47 218.52 Balance as at 31 March, 2021 39.46 37.83 1,015.51 24.54 455.37 6,107.84 1,008.64 339.36 257.05 710.94 295.77 593.20 10,885.50 ii. Impairment losses Balance as at 31 March, 2019 – – – – – 56.80 6.45 – – – – – 63.25 Additions – – – – – 240.00 – – – – – – 240.00 Disposals – – – – – – – – – – – – – Balance as at 31 March, 2020 – – – – – 296.80 6.45 – – – – – 303.25 Additions – – – – – 205.00 – – – – – – 205.00 Disposals – – – – – – – – – – – – – Balance as at 31 March, 2021 – – – – – 501.80 6.45 – – – – – 508.25 Net carrying amount As at 31 March, 2020 1,162.26 461.80 7,120.12 452.68 1,112.84 15,844.45 2,011.42 233.65 322.80 1,588.48 542.49 284.62 31,137.61 As at 31 March, 2021 1,154.36 450.08 7,327.42 440.41 1,327.27 22,939.78 3,137.92 184.78 501.46 1,848.51 657.43 618.19 40,587.62 5 Property, plant and equipment Notes: i. Free hold land includes land purchased in auction held by a Nationalised bank in the year 2016-17 marked as Plot no C 2/1,selaqui, Dehradun, Uttarakhand and registered in the name of the company. During the said year and thereafter, a party has instituted legal case disputing our ownership of the said land at various courts/ tribunals, including Hon’ble Debt Recovery Tribunal at Lucknow and Dehradun (‘DRT’) and Hon’ble Debt Recovery Appellate Tribunal, Allahabad (‘DRAT’) and Hon’ble Nainital High Court. The matters contested at DRT and DRAT has been decided in the favour of the Company. Further, the Company, being bonafide purchaser of the said land under the auction carried out by the Bank as per SARFAESI Act, 2002 is successfully defending the matters at Hon’ble Nainital High Court. As on date, the matter is sub-judice. The cost of land is H 250.34 Lakhs and capital assets created thereon as on 31 March, 2021 is H 1,477.78 Lakhs. ii. Information of the assets pledge as security, refer note 18, 22 and 36. Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 198 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 201] (H in Lakhs) Particulars Computer Software At cost or deemed cost Balance as at 31 March, 2019 577.49 Adjustment on acquisition of share of joint venture (See note 49) 8.91 Additions 51.77 Disposals – Balance as at 31 March, 2020 638.17 Additions 69.11 Disposals – Balance as at 31 March, 2021 707.28 Accumulated amortisation Balance as at 31 March, 2019 105.44 Adjustment on acquisition of share of joint venture (See note 49) 5.69 Charge for the year 89.92 Disposals – Balance as at 31 March, 2020 201.05 Charge for the year 106.55 Disposals – Balance as at 31 March, 2021 307.60 Net carrying amount At 31 March, 2020 437.12 At 31 March, 2021 399.67 6 Intangible assets (H in Lakhs) Particulars As at 31 March 2021 As at 31 March 2020 Units Amount Units Amount Investment in Mutual fund (Quoted, at fair value) -SBI Mutual Fund - Overnight Fund 1,66,138 5,514.68 – – -Axis Overnight Fund 2,77,015 3,010.07 – – -ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund 9,03,698 1,000.56 – – 9,525.31 – 7 Investments A. Current investments 199 Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 202] (H in Lakhs) Particulars As at 31 March 2021 As at 31 March 2020 I. Non-current a. Amount paid under protest to government authorities 229.50 224.31 b. Security deposits 1,004.89 687.69 1,234.39 912.00 II. Current a. Loan and advances to others – 228.00 b. Security deposits 58.21 105.36 c. Advances to employees 421.76 125.99 d. Amount receivables from government authorities 697.36 831.22 (Incentive receivables and refund recoverable) e. Outstanding forward Marked to Market (MTM) – 1,616.16 f. Other receivables 26.79 218.82 1,204.12 3,125.55 8 Other financial assets (H in Lakhs) Particulars As at 31 March 2021 As at 31 March 2020 I. Non-current a. Capital advances 1,962.26 1,802.56 b. Other advances considered doubtful 70.39 28.58 Less : Provision for doubtful advances (70.39) (28.58) – – 1,962.26 1,802.56 II. Current a. Balance with government authorities (see note below) 12,765.13 8,617.40 b. Advances to suppliers 4,595.23 1,063.36 c. Prepaid expenses 447.90 318.89 17,808.26 9,999.65 Note Balance with government authorities includes goods and service tax, custom duty etc. 9 Other assets (H in Lakhs) Particulars As at 31 March 2021 As at 31 March 2020 a. Raw materials and packing materials etc. – in stock 46,547.07 31,188.62 – in transit 13,980.65 3,167.62 b. Work-in-progress 10,256.17 11,202.42 c. Finished goods 3,540.66 4,225.69 74,324.55 49,784.35 10 Inventories (Lower of cost and net realisable value) Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 200 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 203] (H in Lakhs) Particulars As at 31 March 2021 As at 31 March 2020 a. Unsecured, considered good 1,08,906.65 51,511.93 b. Unsecured, considered doubtful 144.78 147.33 1,09,051.43 51,659.26 Less: Allowances for doubtful debts (expected credit loss allowances) (Refer Note 41) (144.78) (147.33) 1,08,905.65 51,511.93 11 Trade receivables (H in Lakhs) Particulars As at 31 March 2021 As at 31 March 2020 a. Balances with banks - in current accounts 6,340.26 9,520.60 b. Cash on hand 43.87 45.04 6,384.13 9,565.64 12 Cash and cash equivalents (H in Lakhs) Particulars As at 31 March 2021 As at 31 March 2020 a. Margin money deposits (see note below) 503.69 449.99 b. Unpaid dividend accounts 0.42 0.32 504.11 450.31 Note Margin Money deposit balances are more than 3 month but less than 12 months. Margin money is held against letter of credit. 13 Other bank balances (H in Lakhs) Particulars As at 31 March 2021 As at 31 March 2020 a. Loan to others Unsecured, considered good 250.00 – 250.00 – 14 Loans (H in Lakhs) Particulars As at 31 March 2021 As at 31 March 2020 a. Advance income tax (net) 201.62 180.94 201.62 180.94 15 Current tax assets 201 Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 204] (H in Lakhs) Particulars As at 31 March 2021 As at 31 March 2020 No of shares Amount No of shares Amount Authorised Equity shares of H 2 each (Previous year H 10 each) 13,00,00,000 2,600.00 2,60,00,000 2,600.00 Issued, subscribed and paid-up Equity shares of H 2 each fully paid up (Previous year H 10 each) 5,85,69,355 1,171.39 1,15,70,141 1,157.01 5,85,69,355 1,171.39 1,15,70,141 1,157.01 a. Reconciliation of equity shares Balance as at the beginning of the year 1,15,70,141 1,157.01 1,13,25,091 1,132.51 Equity shares arising on shares split from H 10 to H 2 per share (Refer note below) 4,62,80,564 – – – Share issued under employees stock option scheme 7,18,650 14.38 2,45,050 24.50 Balance as at the end of the year 5,85,69,355 1,171.39 1,15,70,141 1,157.01 16 Equity share capital Note: Pursuant to the approval of the shareholders accorded on 7 March, 2021 vide postal ballot conducted by the Company, each equity share of face value of H 10 per share was sub-divided into five equity shares of face value of H 2 per share, with effect from 19 March, 2021. b. Terms and rights of equity shareholders The Holding Company has only one class of equity shares having par value of H 2 per share (Previous year H 10 per share). Each holder of equity shares is entitled to one vote per share. In the event of liquidation of the Holding Company, the holders of equity shares will be entitled to receive remaining assets of the HoldingCompany, after distribution of all preferential amounts. The distribution will be in proportion to the number of equity shares held by each share holders. There is no restriction on distribution of dividend, however, the same is subject to the approval of the share holders in the annual general meeting except in the case of interim dividend. (H in Lakhs) Particulars As at 31 March 2021 As at 31 March 2020 Mr. Sunil Vachani No’s of shares 1,98,09,520 2,00,56,040 % holding 33.82% 34.67% Mrs. Kamla Vachani No’s of shares 44,93,965 49,40,220 % holding 7.67% 8.54% SBI Magnum Global Fund No’s of shares – 47,78,470 % holding – 8.26% Reliance Capital Trustee Company Limited A/C Reliance Growth Fund No’s of shares – 38,56,010 % holding – 6.67% c. Details of shares held by share holders holding more than 5% of the aggregate shares in the Company. Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 202 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 205] (H in Lakhs) Particulars As at 31 March 2021 As at 31 March 2020 Cash dividends on equity shares declared and paid Final dividend for the year ended on 31 March 2020: H 2 per share – 226.50 Dividend Distribution Tax on final dividend – 46.56 Interim dividend for the year ended on 31 March 2020: H 4 per share – 462.81 Dividend Distribution Tax on interim dividend – 2.63 – 735.87 Proposed dividends on Equity shares Final dividend for the year ended on 31 March 2021: H 1 per share (previous year H Nil per share) 585.70 – Dividend Distribution Tax on proposed dividend 103.38 – 689.08 – d. Summary of dividend and proposed dividend The Board of Directors have recommended a final dividend of 50 % ( H 1.00 per Equity Share of H 2.00 each) for the financial year 2020-2021 subject to the approval of the shareholders in the ensuing Annual General Meeting of the Company. e. Shares allotted as fully paid pursuant to contract(s) without payment being received in cash during the period of five years immediately preceding the reporting date The Company has allotted 6,277,337 fully paid up shares of face value H 10 each during the year ended 31 March 2017, pursuant to bonus issue approved by share holders in the Extra Ordinary general meeting held on 20th September, 2016 and Company has allotted 4 bonus shares for every 3 shares held. f. Shares held by Holding or ultimate Holding company The company doesn’t have any Holding or ultimate Holding company. g. Initial Public Offer The Company had made an Initial Public Offer (IPO) during the year ended 31st March 2018, for 33,93,425 equity shares of H 10 each, comprising of 3,39,750 fresh issue of equity shares by the Company and 30,53,675 equity shares offered for sale by share holders. The equity shares were issued at a price of H 1,766 per share (including premium of H 1,756 per share). Out of the total proceeds from the IPO of H 59,928 Lakhs, the Company’s share was H 5999.99 Lakhs from the fresh issue of 339,750 equity shares. Fresh equity shares were allotted by the Company on 14th September 2017 and the shares of the Company were listed on the stock exchanges on 18th September 2017. h. Shares reserved for issue under option For details of shares reserved for issue and shares issued under the Employee Stock Option Plan (ESOP) of the Company, refer note 42. These options are granted to the employees subject to cancellation under circumstance of his cessation of employment with the Company on or before the vesting date. 203 Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 206] (H in Lakhs) Particulars As at 31 March 2021 As at 31 March 2020 a. General reserve 1,601.91 1,109.13 b. Securities premium 16,821.03 14,149.23 c. Capital redemption reserve 33.24 33.24 d. Other comprehensive income (112.94) (107.64) e. Share option outstanding account 871.73 426.61 f. Retained earnings 53,344.79 37,365.67 72,559.76 52,976.24 a. General reserve Opening balance 1,109.13 703.36 Transfer for share option exercised during the year 492.78 405.77 Closing balance 1,601.91 1,109.13 b. Securities premium Opening balance 14,149.23 9,604.05 Add: Premium on issue of share under employees stock option scheme (see note 42) 2,671.80 4,545.18 Closing balance 16,821.03 14,149.23 c. Capital redemption reserve Opening balance 33.24 33.24 Closing balance 33.24 33.24 d. Other comprehensive income- Remeasurement of defined benefit plans Opening balance (107.64) (62.30) Movement during the year (5.30) (45.34) Closing balance (112.94) (107.64) e. Share option outstanding Opening balance 426.61 264.26 Add : Granted/ vested during the year 937.90 568.12 Less : Exercised during the year (Refer note 42) 492.78 (405.77) Closing balance 871.73 426.61 f. Retained earnings Opening balance 37,365.67 26,146.66 Add : Profit for the year 15,979.12 12,050.01 Less: Appropriation Final dividend on equity shares – 226.50 Dividend distribution tax on final dividend – 46.56 Interim dividend on equity shares – 462.81 Dividend distribution tax on interim dividend – 95.13 Closing balance 53,344.79 37,365.67 17 Other equity Notes: a. General reserve: The Group had transferred a part of the net profit of the Group to general reserve in earlier years. It also includes amount transferred to general reserve for share option exercised during the year and earlier years. b. Share premium: The amount received in excess of the face value of the equity shares issued by the Group is recognised in securities premium. Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 204 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 207] c. Capital Redemption reserve: The reserve has been created by buy back of equity shares and fully convertible cumulative participatory preference shares d. Other comprehensive income: Other comprehensive income comprises the balance of remeasurement of retirement benefit plans. e. Share option outstanding: The above reserve relates to share options granted by the Group to its employees under its employee share option plan. f. Retained earnings: Retained earnings are profits of the Group earned till date less transferred to other reserves and dividend paid during the year. (H in Lakhs) Particulars As at 31 March 2021 As at 31 March 2020 i. From banks (Secured) a. Foreign currency loans – Standard Chartered Bank (see note ‘a’ below) – 266.07 b. Rupee loan Term Loan – HDFC Bank Limited (see note ‘c’ below) 4,400.00 – – Qatar National bank (see note ‘b’ below) 3,650.00 650.00 – Vehicle Loans (see note ‘d’ below) 120.52 202.15 8,170.52 1,118.22 ii. From others (Secured) – Tata Capital Housing Finance Limited (see note ‘e’ below) 153.13 164.05 – Bajaj Finance Limited (see note ‘f’ below) 144.60 180.11 – Vehicle Loans (see note ‘d’ below) 7.00 24.54 304.73 368.70 Total 8,475.25 1,486.92 Less: Current maturities of long term borrowings (refer note 19) 479.20 385.18 7,996.05 1,101.75 18 Borrowings (at amortised cost) Notes: a. USD 20,00,000 Foreign currency loan (sanctioned) from Standard Chartered Bank was secured against first pari passu charge on movable Property, Plant and Equipment excluding vehicles (both Present & future), and on immovable Plot B-14-15, Phase-II, Noida (UP) (including building) and second charges on current assets (both Present and future), further secured by personal guarantee of Chairman Mr. Sunil Vachani which was released on loan repayment and was repayable in 17 Quarterly instalments from December, 2016. Loan fully repaid on December, 2020. Rate of interest was Libor+275 BPS and loan was fully hedged. b. Term loan of H 3,650.00 lakhs from Qatar bank is repayable in 8 half yearly instalments including two year moratorium, 40% in 4 equal half yearly instalments from 31 July, 2022 and remaining 60% in rest 4 equal half yearly instalments . Rate of interest on loan is linked to one year MCLR +1.10%of bank and interest is to be paid on monthly basis. The loan is secured against exclusive charge on land, building and machinery situted at plot no 30 & 31 EMC 2 Tirupati , Chittoor (Andhrapradesh), current assets and including cash flows of the said project with security cover of 1.25 times and exclusive mortgage and hypothecation charge on current assets. c. Term loan of H 2,000.00 lakhs from HDFC bank is repayable in 5 years including one year moratorium followed by 20%, 20%, 30%, and 30% repayment in 2nd, 3rd, 4th and 5th year respectively. Rate of interest on loan is linked to 6 month MCLR+.60% of bank and 205 Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 208] interest is to be paid on monthly basis. The loan is secured against exclusive charge on movable fixed assets of the company located in 262M, Central Hope Town, Selakui, Dehradun and C/1 Selakui Industrial Area, Dehradun, first pari passu charge on all movable fixed assets of the company (except those exclusively charged with other banks), and exclusive charge on immovable property located at Plot No C-2/1, UPSIDC Industrial Area, Selakui, Dehradun. Term loan of H 2,400.00 lakhs from HDFC bank is repayable in 16 equal quartely installment from March’2022 to March’26. Primary security for the loan is Corporate Guarantee from holding company and exclusive charge on movable Property, Plant and Equipment of the subsidiary Company. Rate of Interest is 6 months MCLR plus 60 BPS.” d. Vehicle loans are secured by way of hypothecation of the related assets. These are repayable in maximum sixty equal monthly instalments, repayment period is from 2017 ending on 2022, bearing interest rate varying from 8.70% p.a to 10.24% p.a. e. Loan is secured by mortgage of the related asset and is repayable in 120 monthly instalments from August’ 2017 to August’ 2027 bearing interest rate of 9.15% p.a. f. The subsidiary Company has obtained credit facility-Term Loan 500.00 lakhs (Sanctioned amount) secured by first and exclusive hypothecation charge on all existing and future current assets and movable fixed assets of the Company and is repayable in 20 quarterly instalments from June 2020 to March 2025 bearing a floating interest rate 9.40% per annum as of 31 March, 2021). (H in Lakhs) Particulars As at 31 March 2021 As at 31 March 2020 A) Non Current Payable for lease obligation 12,957.28 8,836.08 12,957.28 8,836.08 B) Current a. Current maturities of long term borrowings (see note ‘i’ below) 479.20 385.18 b. Outstanding forward Marked to Market (MTM) 187.97 4.31 c. Unpaid dividend 0.42 0.32 d. Interest accrued but not due on borrowings 34.69 31.80 e. Payable for capital goods 3,042.63 278.66 f. Payable for lease obligation 886.96 439.31 g. Employee related liabilities 194.56 78.22 4,826.43 1,217.80 19 Other financial liabilities Notes: For security clause and repayment terms of borrowings, refer note 18. (H in Lakhs) Particulars As at 31 March 2021 As at 31 March 2020 A) Non Current a. Provision for employee benefit i. Provision for gratuity (see note 43) 815.41 650.04 ii. Provision for compensated absences 59.61 – 875.02 650.04 B) Current a. Provision for employee benefits i. Provision for gratuity (see note 43) 107.50 66.90 ii. Provision for compensated absences 15.50 – b. Provision for warranty (see note below) 439.99 371.63 562.99 438.53 20 Provisions Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 206 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 209] (H in Lakhs) Particulars As at 31 March 2021 As at 31 March 2020 A. Deferred tax liabilities (net) a. Deferred tax liability 2,299.19 1,601.11 b. Deferred tax assets 329.41 225.42 c. Minimum alternative tax credit entitlement 131.57 – 1,838.21 1,375.69 Add: Adjustment on acquisition of share of joint venture (see note 49) – 126.27 1,838.21 1,501.96 B. Deferred tax assets (net) a. Deferred tax assets i. Arising on account of timing differences in accrued expenses – 1.96 ii. Minimum alternative tax credit entitlement – 92.94 iii. Others – 115.46 b. Deferred tax liability – 185.07 – 25.29 21 Deferred tax (net) Note: For deferred tax movement and tax reconciliation refer note 34. (H in Lakhs) Particulars As at 31 March 2021 As at 31 March 2020 a. From Banks (Secured) i. Buyer Credits (Refer note ‘a’) 7,125.27 4,680.33 ii. Working capital loan (Refer note ‘c’) 8.86 – b From Banks (Un Secured) i. Commercial Paper (Refer note ‘b’) – 2,500.00 7,134.13 7,180.33 22 Borrowings (at amortised cost) (H in Lakhs) Particulars As at 31 March 2021 As at 31 March 2020 Note: Movement in provision for warranty Opening balance 371.63 287.19 Addition provision made during the year 793.00 544.76 Claim paid / adjustments during the year 724.64 460.32 Closing provision 439.99 371.63 Basis of warranty: The Group gives thirty months warranty on LED bulbs and twelve months warranties on television and washing machines. LED bulbs are replaced with new bulbs and in respect of televisions and washing machines defective part is changed 207 Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 210] (H in Lakhs) Particulars As at 31 March 2021 As at 31 March 2020 a. Total outstanding dues of micro and small enterprises* 5,685.56 1,759.24 b. Total outstanding dues of others 1,65,279.71 92,146.71 1,70,965.27 93,905.95 23 Trade payables Note: a. Borrowings from banks (comprising of Libor financing -Buyer Credit backed by SBLC/Bank guarntee) are secured on pari-passu basis over all the present and future book debts and stock-in-trade comprising of raw material, Components, work in progress and finished goods. These are further secured by first pari-passu charge on entire block of (present and future) Property, Plant and Equipment comprising of land, building, plant and machinery etc. coupled with equitable mortgage of land and property at B-14 & B-15, Phase-II and Exclusive Charge over C-33 Phase II Noida (UP) and Exclusive Charge over Industrial Property located at Plot 18, Block B, Phase II, Noida (UP), Exclusive Charge over Industrial Property located Khasra No. 1050, Central Hope Town, Industrial Area, Selaqui, Dehradun (Uttarakhand), exclusive Charge on movable Fixed Assets of the unit located at plot no 262M, Industrial area, Central hope Town, Selaqui, and District – Dehradun (both Present and Future). First Pari Passu Charge over Movable Fixed Assets of unit located at C-1 Selaqui industrial Area, Dehradun (Uttrakhand). First Pari Passu charge over current assets of Co- borrower (DGPL), both present and future for Co-borrowers Limits. First Pari Passu Charge (with Bank’s overseas Business Unit only) on the entire moveable fixed assets (except those exclusively charged to other lenders) of the borrower, both present and future. Second Pari Passu Charge by way of equitable mortgage over the immovable fixed assets at plot no 14 & 15, Block B, Phase 2, Noida Uttar Pradesh. Second Pari Passu Charge on the entire equitable mortgage over the immovable fixed assets (except those exclusively charged to other lenders) at plot no 14 & 15, Block B, Phase 2, Noida Uttar Pradesh. b. During the previous year, Commercial paper for H 2,500.00 lakhs were issued through IPA account with HDFC bank to HDFC bank on 5 March, 2020 for a period of 90 days. c. During the year, the subsidiary company has been taken the working capital loan for payment of custom duty, salary payment etc. upto 180 days. Interest rate is FBIL MOBOR * For detailed disclosure of micro and small enterprises see note 37 (H in Lakhs) Particulars As at 31 March 2021 As at 31 March 2020 A) Non Current Deferred Government Grant 92.70 99.84 (MSIP’s Incentive approved by “Ministry of Electronics & Information Technology, India”) 92.70 99.84 B) Current a. Advances received from customers 463.41 45.55 b. Statutory dues payable 3,114.34 493.94 3,577.75 539.49 24 Other liabilities (H in Lakhs) Particulars As at 31 March 2021 As at 31 March 2020 Provision for income tax (net) 8.04 116.80 8.04 116.80 25 Current tax liabilities Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 208 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 211] (H in Lakhs) Particulars Year Ended 31 March 2021 Year Ended 31 March 2020 A. Revenue from contracts with customers disaggregated based on nature of product or service a. Revenue from sale of products Manufactured goods 6,36,191.50 4,35,787.62 6,36,191.50 4,35,787.62 b. Revenue from sale of services Service charges received 91.67 30.00 Job work charges 8,504.22 3,921.81 8,595.89 3,951.81 c. Other operating revenue Export benefits 17.21 5.68 Rent received (production facility charges) 12.33 9.76 GST incentive on area base exemption – 172.69 Other incentive – 77.26 Scrap sale 0.11 6.92 29.65 272.31 Total revenue from operations 6,44,817.04 4,40,011.74 B. Disaggregated revenue information The table below presents disaggregated revenue from contact with customers for the year ended March 2021 and March 2020. The Company believes that this disaggregation best depicts how the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenues and cash flows are affected by industry, market and other economic factors Revenue from contracts with customers disaggregated based on geography a. Domestic 6,44,166.57 4,39,656.00 b. Exports 650.47 355.74 6,44,817.04 4,40,011.74 26 Revenue from operations (H in Lakhs) Particulars Year Ended 31 March 2021 Year Ended 31 March 2020 Interest income – On fixed deposits/ margin money 34.29 218.90 – Others 10.73 55.70 Other non operating income Incentive income 7.14 7.14 Exchange fluctuations (net) 6.11 Income from waiver of lease rent 56.66 – Provision for doubtful debts / loans and advances written back 4.07 226.88 Income from mutual fund Investment 38.72 3.34 Profit on sale of property, plant and equipment – 0.21 Excess liabilities, credit balances, provisions etc. written back – 1.49 Other receipts – 6.14 157.72 519.80 27 Other income 209 Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 212] (H in Lakhs) Particulars Year Ended 31 March 2021 Year Ended 31 March 2020 Opening Stock 31,188.62 27,614.46 Add: Addition in stock on acquisition of shares of joint venture – 1,757.58 Add: Purchase (Including Components) 5,90,699.48 3,93,150.71 6,21,888.10 4,22,522.75 Less: Closing stock 46,547.07 31,188.62 5,75,341.03 3,91,334.13 28 Cost of materials consumed (H in Lakhs) Particulars Year Ended 31 March 2021 Year Ended 31 March 2020 Inventories at the beginning of the year Finished Goods 4,225.69 2,417.44 Add: addition in finished goods on acquisition of 50% of joint venture (see note 49) – 114.74 Work in Progress 11,202.42 7,191.64 Add: addition in work in progress on acquisition of shares of joint venture (see note 49) – 390.68 15,428.11 10,114.50 Inventories at the end of the Year Finished Goods 3,540.66 4,225.69 Work in Progress 10,256.17 11,202.42 13,796.83 15,428.11 (Increase)/Decrease 1,631.28 (5,313.61) 29 Changes in inventories of finished goods and work-in-progress (H in Lakhs) Particulars Year Ended 31 March 2021 Year Ended 31 March 2020 Salaries and wages 10,184.06 9,234.80 Contribution to provident and other funds 618.48 499.29 Provision for gratuity 209.81 159.52 Share based payments to employees 937.90 568.12 Staff welfare expense 1,757.09 1,334.05 13,707.34 11,795.78 30 Employee benefits expense (H in Lakhs) Particulars Year Ended 31 March 2021 Year Ended 31 March 2020 Interest on borrowings 1,896.93 2,901.42 Interest on lease obligation 808.10 526.36 Other financial charges 38.42 68.94 2,743.45 3,496.72 31 Finance costs Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 210 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 213] (H in Lakhs) Particulars Year Ended 31 March 2021 Year Ended 31 March 2020 On property, plant and equipment 3,359.04 3,018.75 On intangible assets 106.55 89.92 On right of use assets 906.47 543.85 4,372.07 3,652.52 32 Depreciation and amortisation expense (H in Lakhs) Particulars Year Ended 31 March 2021 Year Ended 31 March 2020 Consumption of stores and spares 933.87 531.54 Contractor wages and job work charges 13,133.03 10,864.70 Service charge paid 195.96 0.11 Power and fuel 2,639.35 2,220.41 Rent 545.20 307.71 Repairs and maintenance: – for buildings 114.56 77.49 – for Plant and equipment 247.00 186.57 – for others 338.65 274.97 Insurance 454.68 274.05 Rates and taxes 197.95 197.46 Selling and distribution expenses 2,443.58 1,490.40 Donations 10.85 3.77 Payment to auditors (refer note below) 32.00 27.99 Bad debts write off 3.22 394.12 Provision for doubtful debts / loans and advances 18.60 – Provision for impairment of property, plant and equipment 205.00 240.00 Loss on sale of property, plant and equipment 32.93 29.97 Corporate social responsibility expenses (see note 44) 221.13 132.68 Exchange Fluctuations (Net) 65.82 176.61 Bank charges 528.48 447.29 Miscellaneous expenses 3,117.04 2,011.33 25,478.89 19,889.17 33 Other expenses (H in Lakhs) Particulars Year Ended 31 March 2021 Year Ended 31 March 2020 Statutory auditors Audit Fees 26.79 23.62 Tax Audit Fees 3.50 3.00 Out of pocket expenses 1.71 1.37 32.00 27.99 Other auditor Payment to Cost Auditor 3.85 3.75 35.85 31.74 Note: Payment to auditors comprises: 211 Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 214] (H in Lakhs) Particulars Year Ended 31 March 2021 Year Ended 31 March 2020 Current Tax 5,464.16 4,066.31 Deferred Tax 401.61 (402.05) 5,865.77 3,664.26 Mat credit entitlement (38.63) (78.28) Income Tax for earlier years (net) (105.55) 40.84 (144.18) (37.44) Tax expenses for the year 5,721.59 3,626.82 A. Reconciliation of income tax expense to statutory income tax rate of income Profit before tax 21,700.71 15,676.83 Income tax Rate 25.17% 25.63% Estimated income tax expense 5,461.39 4,017.28 Tax effect of adjustments to reconcile expected Income tax expense to reported Income tax expense : Non taxable income/expense (net) 52.73 (113.92) Tax reversal due to tax rate change – (479.55) Adjustment recognised in current year in relation to the current tax of prior years 19.48 (1.32) Expense disallowed under tax allowance 8.58 10.32 Impact of consoldiation adjustments – 111.71 Adjustment due to different tax rate in subsidiaries and joint venture company (0.07) 2.82 Others 323.65 116.91 404.38 (353.03) Income Tax expense in the Statement of Profit and Loss 5,865.77 3,664.26 B. Summary of deferred tax I. Deferred tax charge A. Charge to profit and loss – Movement of deferred tax assets 67.65 (131.32) – Movement of deferred tax liabilities 469.26 (533.37) 401.61 (402.05) B. Charge to other comprehensive income – Movement of deferred tax assets – (0.26) – Movement of deferred tax liabilities (1.80) (15.88) (1.80) (15.62) 399.81 (417.67) II. Deferred tax liabilities (net) Deferred tax liability 2,299.19 1,601.11 Deferred tax assets 329.41 225.42 1,969.78 1,375.69 Add: Adjustment on acquisition of share of joint venture (see note 49) – 126.27 Add: Minimum alternative tax credit entitlement 131.57 – 1,838.21 1,501.96 34 Tax expense Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 212 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 215] (H in Lakhs) Particulars As at 1 April, 2020 Recognised in Profit and loss Recognised in OCI Adjustment on acquisition (see note 49) As at 31 March, 2021 Deferred tax liabilities – Depreciation 2,417.25 (122.40) – – 2,294.84 – Others (678.89) 682.80 (0.36) – 4.35 1,738.36 560.39 (0.36) – 2,299.19 Deferred tax assets – Expenses allowed on payment basis 238.70 36.82 1.44 – 276.96 – Others (2.30) 54.31 – – 52.45 236.40 91.13 1.44 – 329.41 1,501.96 469.26 (1.80) – 1,969.78 III. Movement in the deferred tax liabilities (net): (H in Lakhs) Particulars As at 1 April, 2019 Recognised in Profit and loss Recognised in OCI Adjustment on acquisition (see note 49) As at 31 March, 2020 Deferred tax liabilities – Depreciation 2,291.96 (10.21) – 135.50 2,417.25 – Others – (681.84) 1.20 1.75 (678.89) 2,291.96 (692.05) 1.20 137.25 1,738.36 Deferred tax assets – Expenses allowed on payment basis 180.87 30.14 17.08 10.61 238.70 – Others 186.15 (188.82) – 0.37 (2.30) 367.02 (158.68) 17.08 10.98 236.40 1,924.94 (533.37) (15.88) 126.27 1,501.96 IV. Movement in the deferred tax assets (net): (H in Lakhs) Particulars As at 31 March 2021 As at 31 March 2020 Deferred tax (net) Deferred tax assets – 117.42 Deferred tax liability – 185.07 – (67.65) Add: Minimum alternative tax credit entitlement – 92.94 – 25.29 (H in Lakhs) Particulars As at 1 April, 2020 Recognised in Profit and loss Recognised in OCI Adjustment on acquisition (see note 49) As at 31 March, 2021 Deferred tax assets – Expenses allowed on payment basis 1.96 (1.96) – – – – Others 115.46 (115.46) – – – 117.42 (117.42) – – – Deferred tax liabilities – Depreciation (185.07) 185.07 – – – (185.07) 185.07 – – – (67.65) 67.65 – – – 213 Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 216] (H in Lakhs) Particulars As at 31 March 2021 As at 31 March 2020 a. Contingent liabilities Contingent liabilities not provided in respect of i. Letters of Credit (outstanding) 1,04,056.53 63,425.74 ii. Guarantees issued by bankers on behalf of the Group (These are covered by the charge created in favour of Company’s banker by way of hypothecation of stock and trade receivables besides pledge of fixed deposits as margin money) 2,061.52 1,435.39 iii. Corporate guarantees given to Banks on behalf of subsidiary for purpose of financial assistance. 32,300.00 6,000.00 iv. Bill discounting with banks 7,116.55 9,590.98 v. a) Bond given to custom department by the group 5,350.00 4,950.00 b) Bond given to custom department under AEO 6,170.00 950.00 vi. Claims against the Company not acknowledged as debt a. Income tax 2,348.03 754.81 b. Sales tax 216.25 319.12 c. Goods and service tax 45.03 11.20 d. Excise custom duty and service tax 1,725.51 1,504.38 e. Other disputes 19.02 35.69 vii. Summary of amount paid under protest i. Sales tax 38.85 43.04 ii. Excise custom duty and service tax 162.06 162.06 iii. Goods and service tax 28.59 15.05 iv. Other disputes – 4.16 229.50 224.31 35 Contingent liabilities and commitments (to the extent not provided for) (H in Lakhs) Particulars As at 1 April, 2019 Recognised in Profit and loss Recognised in OCI Adjustment on acquisition (see note 49) As at 31 March, 2020 Deferred tax assets – Expenses allowed on payment basis 1.33 0.89 (0.26) – 1.96 – Others 174.27 (58.81) – – 115.46 175.60 (57.92) (0.26) – 117.42 Deferred tax liabilities – Depreciation (111.67) (73.40) – – (185.07) (111.67) (73.40) – – (185.07) 63.93 (131.32) (0.26) – (67.65) Note: During the previous year, deferred tax assets have been transfer to deferred tax liabilites. Future cash outflows in respect of the above matters are determinable only on receipt of judgments / decisions pending at various forums / authorities. b. Contingent assets The Group is eligible for various incentive schemes as notified by State Governments however due to uncertainties on the collection of amount the Group has not recognised incentive income of H 652.00 lakhs. Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 214 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 217] c. Capital commitments: Commitments for acquisition of property, plant and equipment (net of advances) 3,349.93 2,777.12 d. During the year, the Group has availed Non Fund based LC Limits of H 93,000 Lakh from various Banks to import raw material relating to manufacture of finished goods in LED TV Business which has been backed by 105% Bank Guarantee amounting to H 97,000 Lakh. e. The Group has other commitments, for purchase of goods and services and employee benefits, in the normal course of business. f. There are no amount which were required to be transferred to Investor Education and Protection Fund by the Group. g. The Group did not have any long term contracts including derivative contracts for which there were any material foreseeable losses. 36 Assets mortgaged as security The carrying amount of assets mortgaged as security for current and non-current borrowings are : (H in Lakhs) Particulars As at 31 March 2021 As at 31 March 2020 Current assets: Financial assets Trade receivables 1,08,905.65 50,464.68 Inventories (excluding in transit) 60,343.90 38,847.05 Total current assets mortgaged as security 1,69,249.55 89,311.73 Non-current: Land (Freehold and leasehold) 1,154.36 911.92 Vehicles 267.94 530.47 Buildings 5,625.78 4,315.08 Plant and machinery 29,330.37 11,773.28 Other assets – 32.60 Total non-currents assets mortgaged as security 36,378.45 17,563.34 Total assets mortgaged as security 2,05,628.00 1,06,875.06 (H in Lakhs) Particulars As at 31 March 2021 As at 31 March 2020 a. Principal amount and the interest due thereon remaining unpaid to any supplier at the end of each accounting year – Principal amount 5,685.56 1,759.24 – interest due 0.06 2.34 b. the amount of interest paid by the buyer in terms of section 16 of the Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006 (27 of 2006), along with the amount of the payment made to the supplier beyond the appointed day during each accounting year 219.75 365.78 c. the amount of interest due and payable for the period of delay in making payment (which has been paid but beyond the appointed day during the year) but without adding the interest specified under the Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006 1.07 – d. the amount of interest accrued and remaining unpaid at the end of each accounting year 1.13 3.99 e. the amount of further interest remaining due and payable even in the succeeding years, until such date when the interest due above are actually paid to the small enterprise, for the purpose of disallowance of a deductible expenditure under section 23 of the Micro, Small and Medium Enterprise Development Act, 2006 11.89 9.55 37 Statement under the Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006, (MSMED): 215 Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 218] (H in Lakhs) Particulars As at 31 March 2021 As at 31 March 2020 Opening balance 9,017.01 – Recognised on adoption of Ind AS 116 - Leases – 3,400.21 Additions during the year 5,150.14 6,247.84 14,167.15 9,648.05 Depreciation during the year 906.47 543.85 Derecognised during the year 43.02 87.19 Closing balance 13,217.65 9,017.01 38 Leases A. Right-of-use assets i. Carrying value of right of use assets (H in Lakhs) Particulars As at 31 March 2021 As at 31 March 2020 a. Balance at the Beginning of the year 9,275.40 – Recognition on account of adoption of Ind AS 116 – 3,400.21 Additions 5,150.14 6,247.84 14,425.54 9,648.05 Finance cost accrued during the year 808.10 526.36 Payment of lease liabilities (1,329.11) (817.76) Waiver of rent received during the year (56.66) – Derecognised during the year (3.63) (81.25) Balance as at end 13,844.24 9,275.40 b. Maturity analysis of lease liabilities: i. The table below provides details regarding the cash outflow of lease liabilities are as follows: Due within one year 1,962.04 1,217.79 Due later than one year and not later than five years 8,145.47 4,637.86 Due later than five years 15,215.68 13,398.24 Total 25,323.19 19,253.89 ii. Movement in lease liabilities during the year: (H in Lakhs) Particulars Year Ended 31 March 2021 Year Ended 31 March 2020 c. Expense recognised in profit or loss (see note ‘a’ below) Interest on lease liabilities 808.10 526.36 Depreciation on right of use assets 906.47 543.85 Expenses relating to short-term and low value leases 545.20 307.71 2,259.77 1,377.92 i. The Company does not face a significant liquidity risk with regard to its lease liabilities as the current assets are sufficient to meet the obligations related to lease liabilities as and when they fall due. ii. Rental expense recorded for short-term and low value leases is H 545.20 lakhs (previous year H 307.71 lakhs) for the year ended March 31, 2021, the same have been recorded under the head ‘Other expenses’ in the financial statements. Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 216 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 219] iii. Rental income on assets given on sub-lease is H Nil for the year ended 31 March, 2021. (H Nil for the year ended 31 March, 2020) iv. Lease contracts entered by the Company majorly pertains for buildings taken on lease to conduct its business in the ordinary course. The Company does not have any lease restrictions and commitment towards variable rent as per the contract. B. Disclosures for operating leases other than leases coverd in Ind AS 116 i. The Group has entered into cancellable operating leases and transactions for leasing of accommodation for Factory Building, Service Centre, office space, Godown, transit house etc. The tenure of lease is generally one year. Terms of lease include operating terms for renewal, increase in rent in future period and terms of cancellation.” ii. The Group has given its properties on lease one party. Tenure of leases is 3 years. Terms of the lease include operating term for renewal, increase in rent in future period and term of cancellation have a notice period of 3 months, accordingly no lease obligation have been disclosed. Lease expenses/income recognised during the year (H in Lakhs) Particulars Year Ended 31 March 2021 Year Ended 31 March 2020 a. As a lessee (expenses) Factory building, godown, office space, service centre and transit house 545.20 307.71 b. As a lessor (income) Factory building 12.33 9.76 39 Earnings per share Particulars Units Year Ended 31 March 2021 Year Ended 31 March 2020 a. Basic Profit for the year H/Lakh 15,979.12 12,050.01 Weighted average number of equity shares No’s 5,81,29,275 5,70,83,795 Face value of per share H 2.00 2.00 Earnings per share - Basic H 27.49 21.11 b. Diluted Profit for the year H/Lakh 15,979.12 12,050.01 Diluted number of equity shares No’s 5,94,67,355 5,86,67,115 Face value of per share H 2.00 2.00 Earnings per share - Basic H 26.87 20.54 The weighted average number of equity shares for the purpose of diluted earnings per share reconciles to the weighted average number of equity shares used in the calculation of basic earnings per share as follows: Weighted average number of equity shares used in the calculation of basic earnings per share No’s 5,81,29,275 5,70,83,795 Shares deemed to be issued for no consideration in respect of employee options on proportionate basis No’s 13,38,080 15,83,320 Weighted average number of equity shares used in the calculation of diluted earnings per share No’s 5,94,67,355 5,86,67,115 c. Pursuant to the approval of the shareholders accorded on March 7, 2021 vide postal ballot conducted by the Holding Company, each equity share of face value of H 10/- per share was subdivided into five equity shares of face value of H 2/- per share, with effect from March 19, 2021. Consequently, the basic and diluted earnings per share have been computed for all the periods presented in the Consolidated Financial Results of the Company on the basis of the new number of equity shares in accordance with Ind AS 33 – Earnings per Share 217 Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 220] (H in Lakhs) Particulars As at 31 March 2021 As at 31 March 2020 Net debt a. Borrowings –non current 7,996.05 1,101.75 –current 7,134.13 7,180.33 b. Current maturities of long term borrowings 479.20 385.18 15,609.38 8,667.26 c. Cash and cash equivalents 6,384.13 9,565.64 d. Current investments 9,525.31 – 15,909.44 9,565.64 Net debt (300.06) (898.38) Total equity 73,731.15 54,133.25 Net debt to equity ratio (0.004) (0.02) 41 Financial instruments a. Capital Management The Group objective to manage its capital is to ensure continuity of business while at the same time provide reasonable returns to its various stakeholders but keep associated costs under control. In order to achieve this, requirement of capital is reviewed periodically with reference to operating and business plans that take into account capital expenditure and strategic investments. Sourcing of capital is done through judicious combination of equity/internal accruals and borrowings, both short term and long term. Net debt (total borrowings less current investments and cash and cash equivalents) to equity ratio is used to monitor capital. In order to achieve this overall objective, the Group’s capital management, amongst other things, aims to ensure that it meets financial covenants attached to the interest-bearing loans and borrowings that define capital structure requirements. There have been no breaches in the financial covenants of any interest-bearing loans and borrowing in the current period. No changes were made in the objectives, policies or processes for managing capital during the years ended 31 March 2021 and 31 March 2020. (H in Lakhs) Particulars Year Ended 31 March 2021 Year Ended 31 March 2020 a. Revenue expenditure Cost of materials consumed 57.59 8.64 Employee benefits expense 272.85 323.96 Other expenses 30.74 46.90 Depreciation and amortisation expense 28.39 26.06 389.56 405.56 b. Capital expenditure Purchase of property, plant and equipment 13.29 61.10 13.29 61.10 40 Details of research and development expenditure Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 218 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 221] (H in Lakhs) Particulars As at 31 March 2021 As at 31 March 2020 Financial asset a. Measured at amortised cost i. Other non current financial assets 1,234.39 912.00 ii. Trade receivables 1,08,905.65 51,511.93 iii. Cash and cash equivalents 6,384.13 9,565.64 iv. Other bank balances 504.11 450.31 v. Other financial assets 1,204.12 1,509.39 vi. Loans 250.00 – b. Measured at fair value through Profit and Loss (FVTPL) i. Outstanding forward Marked to Market (MTM) – 1,616.16 ii. Investments 9,525.31 – Financial liabilities a. Measured at fair value through Profit and Loss (FVTPL) i. Outstanding forward Marked to Market (MTM) 187.97 4.31 b. Measured at amortised cost i. Borrowings – Non current 7,996.05 1,101.75 – Current 7,134.13 7,180.33 ii. Other non current financial liabilities 12,957.28 8,836.08 iii. Trade payables 1,70,965.27 93,905.95 iv. Other current financial liabilities 4,638.46 1,213.49 b. Categories of financial instruments Notes: a. There are no significant difference among the fair value of financial assets and liabilities classified as measured at cost or measured at fair value through profit and loss accordingly no separate disclosure of the same have been disclosed. b. The derivative instruments with respect to forward contract are accounted for as fair value hedge. c. The Group has not classified any financial assets as hedge instruments and hence hedge accounting is not applicable. c. Fair value hierarchy The disclosure of the financial instruments measured at fair value. The details of instrument and valuation technique are as follows: (H in Lakhs) Particulars Fair value hierarchy As at 31 March 2021 As at 31 March 2020 Financials Assets Foreign currency forward contracts – Financial assets Level 2 – 1,616.16 – Financial liabilities Level 2 187.97 4.31 Investments in mutual fund Level 1 9,525.31 – Valuation technique and key input Discounted cash flow. Future cash flow estimated based on forward exchange rates (from observable forward exchange rates at the end of reporting period) and contract forward rates. Level 1: Level 1 hierarchy includes financial instruments measured using quoted prices. This includes listed equity instruments, traded bonds, ETFs and mutual funds that have quoted price. The fair value of all equity instruments (including bonds) which are 219 Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 222] traded in the stock exchanges is valued using the closing price as at the reporting period. The mutual funds are valued using the closing NAV . Level 2: The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market (for example, traded bonds, over-the counter derivatives) is determined using valuation techniques which maximize the use of observable market data and rely as little as possible on entity-specific estimates. If all significant inputs required to fair value an instrument are observable, the instrument is included in level 2. Level 3: If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the instrument is included in level 3. This is the case for unlisted equity securities, contingent consideration and indemnification asset included in level 3. There are no transfers between levels 1 and 2 during the year. Valuation processes a. The finance department of the Group includes a team that performs the valuations of financial assets and liabilities required for financial reporting purposes, including level 3 fair values. This team reports directly to the Chief Financial Officer (CFO) and the audit committee (AC). b. Discussions of valuation processes and results are held between the CFO, AC and the valuation team quarterly, in line with the Group’s quarterly reporting periods. d. Summary statement of consolidated financial risk management The Group’s principal financial liabilities comprise borrowings, trade and other payables. The main purpose of these financial liabilities is to finance the Group’s operations. The Group’s principal financial assets include investments, trade and other receivables and cash and cash equivalents that are derived directly from its operations. The Group’s financial risk management is an integral part of how to plan and execute its business strategies. The Group is exposed to market, credit and liquidity risk. The Group’s senior management oversees the management of these risks. The senior professionals working to manage the financial risks and the appropriate financial risk governance framework for the Group are accountable to the Board of Directors and Audit Committee. This process provides assurance to Group’s senior management that the Group’s financial risk-taking activities are governed by appropriate policies and procedures and that financial risk are identified, measured and managed in accordance with Group policies and Group risk objective. A. Credit Risk Management Credit risk is managed on group basis. For deposits only high rated banks/institutions are accepted. For other financial assets, the Group assesses and manages credit risk based on internal credit rating system. The finance function consists of a separate team who assesses and maintains an internal credit rating system. Internal credit rating is performed on a group basis for each class of financial instruments with different characteristics. The Group’s exposure to customers is diversified and one Customer (Previous Year two customer) contributes to more than 10% of outstanding trade receivable H 44,588.26 (Previous year H 39,803.30 Lakh) as at 31 March, 2020. Reconciliation of loss allowance provision (H in Lakhs) Particulars As at 31 March 2021 As at 31 March 2020 Opening balance 147.33 366.12 Additional provision made 76.13 114.91 Provision adjusted against the amount written off 78.68 333.70 Closing provision 144.78 147.33 The provision for loss allowances of trade receivables have been made by the management on the evaluation of trade receivables. The management at each reporting period made an assessment on recoverability of balances and on the best estimate basis the provision for loss allowances have been created. Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 220 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 223] B. Liquidity Risk 1 The Group determines its liquidity requirement in the short, medium and long term. This is done by drawings up cash forecast for short term and long term needs. 2 The Group manage its liquidity risk in a manner so as to meet its normal financial obligations without any significant delay or stress. Such risk is managed through ensuring operational cash flow while at the same time maintaining adequate cash and cash equivalent position. The management has arranged for diversified funding sources and adopted a policy of managing assets with liquidity monitoring future cash flow and liquidity on a regular basis. Surplus funds not immediately required are invested in certain fixed deposit which provide flexibility to liquidate. Besides, it generally has certain undrawn credit facilities which can be assessed as and when required; such credit facilities are reviewed at regular basis. The following tables detail the Group’s remaining contractual maturity for its non-derivative financial liabilities with agreed repayment periods. The tables have been drawn up based on the undiscounted cash flows of financial liabilities based on the earliest date on which the Group can be required to pay. The tables include principal cash flows. The contractual maturity is based on the earliest date on which the Group may be required to pay. Maturities of financial liabilities (H in Lakhs) Particulars <12 months >12 months Total Carrying value As on 31.03.2021 H / Lakh H / Lakh H / Lakh H / Lakh Non Derivative Long term borrowings – 7,996.05 7,996.05 7,996.05 Current maturities of long term borrowings 479.20 – 479.20 479.20 Short term borrowings 7,134.13 – 7,134.13 7,134.13 Trade Payables 1,70,965.27 – 1,70,965.27 1,70,965.27 Other financial liabilities – Current 4,159.26 – 4,159.26 4,159.26 – Non-current – 12,957.28 12,957.28 12,957.28 As on 31.03.2020 Non Derivative Long term borrowings – 1,101.75 1,101.75 1,101.75 Current maturities of long term borrowings 385.18 – 385.18 385.18 Short term borrowings 7,180.33 – 7,180.33 7,180.33 Trade Payables 93,905.95 – 93,905.95 93,905.95 Other financials liabilities – Current 832.62 – 832.62 832.62 – Non-current – 8,836.08 8,836.08 8,836.08 The following table details the Group’s expected maturity for its non-derivative financial assets. The table has been drawn up based on the undiscounted contractual maturities of the financial assets including interest that will be earned on those assets. The inclusion of information on non-derivative financial assets is necessary in order to understand the Group’s liquidity risk management as the liquidity is managed on a net asset and liability basis. (H in Lakhs) Particulars <12 months >12 months Total Carrying value As on 31.03.2021 Non derivative Other financial assets – Non current – 1,234.39 1,234.39 1,234.39 – Current 1,204.12 – 1,204.12 1,204.12 Maturities of financial assets 221 Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 224] C. Market Risk Management I. Foreign Currency Risk a. The operation of the Group give exposure to foreign exchange risk arising from foreign currency transactions and foreign currency loans, primarily with respect to the US$. Foreign exchange risk arises from future commercial transactions and recognised assets and liabilities denominated in a currency that is not the Group ’s functional currency (INR). The risk is measured through a forecast of highly probable foreign currency cash flows. The Group hedge the foreign currency exposure. The objective of the hedges is to minimize the volatility of the INR cash flows of highly probable forecast transactions. b. The Group uses foreign exchange forward contracts to hedge its exposure in foreign currency risk. The Group measures the forward contract at fair value through profit and loss. c. The spot component of forward contracts is determined with reference to relevant spot market exchange rates. The differential between the contracted forward rate and the spot market exchange rate is defined as the forward points. The foreign currency exposures for the year ended are as follows: (H in Lakhs) Particulars As at 31 March 2021 As at 31 March 2020 Total Hedged Unhedged Total Hedged Unhedged Borrowings In USD / Lakh – – – 3.53 3.53 – In H / Lakh – – – 266.07 266.07 – Buyers’ Credit In USD / Lakh 96.93 – 96.93 62.08 – 62.08 In H / Lakh 7,125.27 – 7,125.27 4,680.33 – 4,680.33 Creditors In USD / Lakh 1,257.16 781.82 531.09 829.25 593.41 235.84 In CNY / Lakh 292.93 – 299.81 75.52 – 75.52 In JPY / Lakh 1,029.21 – 1,029.21 – – – In H / Lakh 97,221.89 57,467.15 43,473.56 61,389.90 44,718.37 16,671.53 Total liability In USD / Lakh 1,354.09 781.82 628.02 894.86 596.94 1,491.80 In CNY / Lakh 292.93 – 299.81 75.52 – 75.52 In H / Lakh 1,04,347.16 57,467.15 50,598.83 66,336.30 44,984.44 21,351.86 Debtors In USD / Lakh 4.48 – 4.48 4.57 – 4.57 In H / Lakh 328.99 – 328.99 346.11 – 346.11 Total assets In USD / Lakh 4.48 – 4.48 4.57 – 4.57 In H / Lakh 328.99 – 328.99 346.11 – 346.11 (H in Lakhs) Particulars <12 months >12 months Total Carrying value Investments 9,525.31 – 9,525.31 9,525.31 Trade receivables 1,08,905.65 – 1,08,905.65 1,08,905.65 Cash and cash equivalents 6,384.13 – 6,384.13 6,384.13 Bank balances other than above 504.11 – 504.11 504.11 Loans 250.00 – 250.00 250.00 As on 31.03.2020 Non derivative Other financial assets – Non current – 912.00 912.00 912.00 – Current 1,509.00 – 1,509.00 1,509.00 Trade receivables 51,511.93 – 51,511.93 51,511.93 Cash and cash equivalents 9,565.64 – 9,565.64 9,565.64 Bank balances other than above 450.31 – 450.31 450.31 Loans – – – – Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 222 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 225] A. Foreign currency risk exposure (H in Lakhs) Particulars As at 31 March 2021 As at 31 March 2020 Financial assets 328.99 346.11 Financial liabilities 50,598.83 21,351.86 Net exposure (liabilities) 50,269.84 21,005.75 Note: The above amount represents the gross exposure i.e. both hedged and unhedged. B. Sensitivity The details of the Group’s sensitivity to a 1% increase and decrease in the H against the relevant foreign currency (‘USD’). 1% is the sensitivity rate used when reporting foreign currency risk internally to key management personnel and represents management’s assessment of the reasonably possible change in foreign exchange rates. (H in Lakhs) Particulars As at 31 March 2021 As at 31 March 2020 Impact on profit or loss for the year 502.70 210.06 Impact on total equity as at the end of reporting year 376.18 156.23 This is mainly attributable to the exposure outstanding on Currency USD receivables and payables by the Group at the end of the reporting period. Impact on profit for the year are gross of tax. II. Cash flow and Interest rate risk The Group’s main interest rate risk arises from long-term borrowings with variable rates, which expose the Group to cash flow interest rate risk. The Group’s borrowings at variable rate were mainly denominated in INR and USD. The Group’s fixed rate borrowings are carried at amortised cost. They are therefore not subject to interest rate risk as defined in Ind AS 107, since neither the carrying amount nor the future cash flows will fluctuate because of a change in market interest rates. a. Interest rate risk exposure (H in Lakhs) Particulars As at 31 March 2021 As at 31 March 2020 Variable rate borrowings 15,328.73 7,180.33 Fixed rate borrowings 280.65 1,486.93 15,609.38 8,667.26 b. Sensitivity Analysis The details of the Group’s sensitivity to a 1% increase and decrease in interest rate are as follows: (H in Lakhs) Particulars Year Ended 31 March 2021 Year Ended 31 March 2020 Impact on profit or loss for the year 153.29 86.67 Impact on total equity as at the end of reporting year 114.70 64.46 Impact on profit for the year are gross of tax. III. Price Risk The entity do not have any investment in quoted securities or other equity instruments except for unquoted investments in subsidiaries and jointly controlled entity. Thus, the Group is not exposed to any price risk. 223 Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 226] 42 Employee Stock Option Plan The company had a Dixon Technologies (India) Limited — Employee Stock Option Plan, 2018 (‘Dixon ESOP 2018’) and Dixon Technologies (India) Limited — Employee Stock Option Plan, 2020 (‘Dixon ESOP 2020’) which provided for the grant of equity shares of the company to the eligible employees of the company and its subsidiary companies. The board of directors recommended the establishment of the Dixon ESOP 2018 and Dixon ESOP 2020 to the shareholders on 26th May, 2018 and 22nd August, 2020 respectively and shareholders approved the recommendations of the Board of Directors in Annual General Meeting held on 25th July, 2018 and 29th September, 2020 respectively. The maximum aggregate number of shares that may be awarded under Dixon ESOP 2018 and Dixon ESOP 2020 was 500,000 equity shares and 300,000 Equity Shares respectively. Under Dixon ESOP 2018, the company has approved 3 grants vide its meeting held on 31st October, 2018 , 13th November, 2019 and 04th August, 2020 and under Dixon ESOP 2020 has approved one grant vide its meeting held on 30th October, 2020. As per the plan, option granted under Dixon ESOP 2018 would vest in not less than one year and not more than 4 years from the date of grant of such options and the options granted under Dixon ESOP 2020 would vest in not less than one year and not more than 5 years from the date of grant of such options. Both the Plans are Equity Settled Plans. (H in Lakhs) Dixon ESOP 2018 Dixon ESOP 2020 Grant-1Particulars Grant I Grant II Grant III Date of Grant Dixon ESOP 2018 Dixon ESOP 2020 Date of Share holders Approval 31-Oct-18 13-Nov-19 31-Aug-18 30-Oct-20 Date of Board of Directors Approval / Committee 25-Jul-18 25-Jul-18 25-Jul-18 29-Sep-20 No. of Option 26-May-18 26-May-18 26-May-18 22-Aug-20 Method of settlement (Cash/Equity) 4,97,600 4,900 72,500 15,00,000 Vesting Period Equity Equity Equity Equity 31-Oct-19 – – 30-Oct-21 31-Oct-20 13-Nov-20 04-Aug-21 30-Oct-22 31-Oct-21 13-Nov-21 30-Oct-23 – – – 30-Oct-24 Exercise Price (Per Share H) – – – 30-Oct-25 1,864.80 2,092.58 1,434.31 1,538.26 Exercise Period Options vested may be exercised by the Option Grantee within a maximum period of One Year from the date of last vesting of Options. Hence maximum term of Options granted is 4 years. Options vested may be exercised by the Option Grantee within a maximum period of One Year from the date of last vesting of Options. Hence maximum term of Options granted is 3 years. Options vested may be exercised by the Option Grantee within a maximum period of One Year from the date of last vesting of Options. Hence maximum term of Options granted is 2 years. Options vested may be exercised by the Option Grantee within a maximum period of One Year from the date of last vesting of Options. Hence maximum term of Options granted is 6 years. Ext. of Exercise Period None None None None (H in Lakhs) Particulars As at 31 March 2020 Share arising out of options Weighted average exercise price Outstanding at the beginning – Grant I 4,97,600 1,865 – Grant II 4,900 2,093 Forfeited and expired 2,500 1,865 Exercised 2,45,050 1,865 Outstanding at the end – Grant I 2,47,550 1,865 – Grant II 4,900 2,093 Exercisable at the end – Grant I 2,500 1,865 – Grant II – – Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 224 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 227] (H in Lakhs) Particulars As at 31 March, 2021 Share arising out of options Weighted average exercise price Outstanding at the beginning Employee Stock Option Plan, 2018 – Grant I 12,50,250 373 – Grant II 24,500 419 New option granted during the year Employee Stock Option Plan, 2018 – Grant III 72,500 1,434 Employee Stock Option Plan, 2020 – Grant I 15,00,000 1,538 Forfeited and expired Exercised employee stock option plan, 2018 81,250 373 Exercised employee stock option plan, 2020 2,65,850 1,538 Options Exercised during the year Employee Stock Option Plan, 2018 – Grant I 7,06,400 373 – Grant II 12,250 419 Outstanding at the end Employee Stock Option Plan, 2018 – Grant I 4,62,600 373 – Grant II 12,250 419 – Grant III 72,500 1,434 Employee Stock Option Plan, 2020 – Grant I 12,34,150 1,538 Exercisable at the end – Grant III – – * Fair value of option is based on the valuation report of option. Pursuant to the approval of the shareholders accorded on March 7, 2021 vide postal ballot conducted by the Holding Company, each equity share of face value of H 10/- per share was subdivided into five equity shares of face value of H 2/- per share, with effect from March 19, 2021, accordingly the presentation for the current year have been updated. 43 Employee benefits a. Defined Contribution Plan Provident Fund and Other Funds : A defined contribution plan is a post-employment benefit plan under which the Group pays specified contributions for provident fund and pension as per the provisions of the Provident Fund Act, 1952 and other acts to the government. The Group’s contribution is recognised as an expense in the Profit and Loss Statement during the period in which the employee renders the related service. The Grup’s obligation is limited to the amounts contributed by it. (H in Lakhs) Particulars Year Ended 31 March 2021 Year Ended 31 March 2020 Contribution to provident and other funds a. Contribution to provident fund 546.44 432.95 b. Contribution to employee state insurance 36.35 36.68 c. Contribution to national pension scheme 35.69 29.62 d. others – 0.04 618.48 499.29 225 Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 228] Particulars As at 31 March 2021 As at 31 March 2020 Future Salary Increase 6.00% 6.00% Discount rate 6.76% 6.80% Mortality rates 100% of IALM (2012-14) 100% of IALM (2006-08) Attributes of ages: withdrawal rate (%) up to 30 years 3.00% 3.00% From 31 to 44 years 2.00% 2.00% Above 44 years 1.00% 1.00% Retirement age (years) 58 58 Amount recognised in Statement of Profit and Loss in respect of defined benefit plans are as follows b. The assumptions for Padget Electronics Private Limited as follows: (H in Lakhs) Particulars Year Ended 31 March 2021 Year Ended 31 March 2020 Service Cost – Current service cost 161.05 119.92 – Past service cost including curtailment gains/losses – – 161.05 119.92 Net interest cost 48.76 39.60 Expense recognised in statement of profit and loss 209.81 159.52 Other Comprehensive Income (OCI) Remeasurement on the net defined benefit liability: Actuarial (gains) / losses arising from changes in demographic assumptions (0.03) (0.03) Actuarial (gains) / losses arising from changes in financial assumptions 4.05 56.40 Actuarial (gains) / losses arising from experience adjustments 3.08 4.59 Components of defined benefit costs recognised in other comprehensive income 7.10 60.96 216.90 220.48 b. Defined benefits plan Gratuity: The liability in respect of defined benefit plans includes Gratuity liability as per the provisions of the Payment of Gratuity Act, 1972 which is calculated using the Projected Unit Credit Method and spread over the period during which the benefit is expected to be derived from employees’ services. The Group’s obligation includes actuarial risk and investment risk. Actuarial gains and losses in respect of post-employment are charged to the Profit and Loss Statement. Assumptions a. The assumptions for Dixon Technologies (India) Limited and AIL Dixon Technologies Limited are as follows: Particulars As at 31 March 2021 As at 31 March 2020 Future Salary Increase 5.50% 5.50% Discount rate 6.76% 6.80% Mortality rates 100% of IALM (2012-14) 100% of IALM (2006-08) Attributes of ages: withdrawal rate (%) upto 30 years 3.00% 3.00% From 31 to 44 years 2.00% 2.00% Above 44 years 1.00% 1.00% Retirement age (years) 58 58 Amount recognised in Statement of Profit and Loss in respect of defined benefit plans are as follows Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 226 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 229] Notes: i. The current service cost and the net interest expense for the year are included in the ‘Employee benefits expense’ line item in the statement of profit and loss. ii. The remeasurernent of the net defined benefit liability is Included-in other comprehensive income. iii. The Group gratuity scheme is unfunded. The amount included in the consolidated financial statements arising from the entity’s obligation in respect of its defined benefit plans is as follows: (H in Lakhs) Particulars As at 31 March 2021 As at 31 March 2020 Provision for gratuity – Non-Current 815.41 650.04 – Current 107.50 66.90 922.91 716.94 Movements in the present value of the defined benefit obligation are as follows (H in Lakhs) Particulars Year Ended 31 March 2021 Year Ended 31 March 2020 Liability at the beginning of the year 716.94 508.82 Interest Costs 67.21 39.61 Current Service Costs 138.27 119.92 Past Service Cost including curtailment Gains/ Losses 10.87 – Benefits paid (20.20) (20.50) Actuarial (Gain)/Loss on obligations due to change in Obligation 9.82 60.96 Add: addition in liability on acquisition of shares of joint venture (see note 50) – 8.13 Liability at the end of the year 922.91 716.94 Sensitivity Analysis (H in Lakhs) Particulars As at 31 March 2021 As at 31 March 2020 a. Impact of the change in discount rate Present Value of Obligation 922.91 716.94 Impact due to increase of 0.50 % (45.38) (33.53) Impact due to decrease of 0.50 % 49.59 36.48 b. Impact of the change in salary increase Present Value of Obligation at the end of the period 922.91 716.94 Impact due to increase of 0.50 % 48.94 34.97 Impact due to decrease of 0.50 % (43.71) (32.38) Notes: i. Sensitivities due to mortality and withdrawals are not material, hence impact of change not calculated. ii. Sensitivities as to rate of inflation, rate of increase of pensions in payment, rate of increase of pensions before retirement and life expectancy are not applicable being a lump sum benefit on retirement. iii. The above sensitivity analysis are with out giving the impact of tax. 227 Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 230] (H in Lakhs) Financial year Amount Apr 2021- Mar 2022 104.97 Apr 2022- Mar 2023 45.92 Apr 2023- Mar 2024 49.88 Apr 2024- Mar 2025 27.90 Apr 2025- Mar 2026 25.56 Apr 2026- Mar 2027 57.65 Apr 2027 onwards 601.73 Description of Risk Exposure: Valuations are based on certain assumptions, which are dynamic in nature and vary over time. As such Group is exposed to various risks as follow: a. Salary Increases- Actual salary increases will increase the Plan’s liability. Increase in salary increase rate assumption in future valuations will also increase the liability. b. Investment Risk – If Plan is funded then assets liabilities mismatch & actual investment return on assets lower than the discount rate assumed at the last valuation date can impact the liability. c. Discount Rate: Reduction in discount rate in subsequent valuations can increase the plan’s liability. d. Mortality & disability – Actual deaths & disability cases proving lower or higher than assumed in the valuation can impact the liabilities. e. Withdrawals – Actual withdrawals proving higher or lower than assumed withdrawals and change of withdrawal rates at subsequent valuations can impact Plan’s liability. c. Actuarial assumptions for compensated absences is as under: (H in Lakhs) Assumptions As at 31 March 2021 As at 31 March 2020 i. Discounting rate 6.00% 6.00% ii. Future increase salary 6.76% 6.80% (H in Lakhs) Particulars Year Ended 31 March 2021 Year Ended 31 March 2020 A. Gross amount required to be spent by the Group 238.54 177.75 i. Construction /acquisition of any assets a. Yet to be paid in cash b. In cash B. Amount spent by the company by a. Yet to be paid in cash – – 44 Corporate Social Responsibility As per section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013, a Group, meeting the applicability threshold, needs to spend at least 2% of average net profit for the immediately preceding three financial year on Corporate Social Responsibility (‘CSR’) activities. The area for CSR activities are eradication of hunger and malnutrition, promoting education, art and culture, healthcare, destitute care and rehabilitation, environment sustainability, disaster relief and rural development projects. A CSR committee has been formed by the Company as per the Act. Maturity Profile of Defined Benefit Obligation Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 228 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 231] *The Group considering the pandemic of COVID-19 contributed H 50 Lakhs towards the PM Cares Fund out of its CSR Budget for the FY 2019-20. Due to the Nationwide lockdown, the said payment was transferred to PM Cares Fund in the month of April, 2020. The Group has unspent amount of H 67.42 Lakhs for the financial year 2020-21 out of total CSR budget of H 210.17 Lakhs 45 Segment Reporting The chief operating decision maker (CODM) comprises of the Board of Directors ,Managing Director and Vice chairman & Chief financial officer which examines the Group’s performance on the basis of single operating segment Electronics Goods; accordingly segment disclosure has not been made. Revenue from two customers (Previous year two customers) of the Group represented approximately H 307,104.01 Lakhs (Previous year H 218,381.95 Lakhs) individually more than 10% of the Company’s total revenue. 46 The Holding Company had made an Initial Public Offer (‘IPO’) during the Quarter ended 30 September, 2017, for 33,93,425 equity shares of H 10 each, comprising of 3,39,750 fresh issue of equity shares by the Company and 30,53,675 equity shares offered for sale by share holders. The equity shares were issued at a price of H 1,766 per share (including premium of H 1,756 per share). Out of the total proceeds from the IPO of H 59,928 Lakhs, the Company’s share was H 6,000 Lakhs from the fresh issue of 339,750 equity shares. Fresh equity shares were allotted by the Company on 14 September, 2017 and the shares of the Company were listed on the stock exchanges on 18 September, 2017. Details of utilization of IPO Proceeds are as follows : (H in Lakhs) Particulars Year Ended 31 March 2021 Year Ended 31 March 2020 b. In cash - Donation to i. Guru Vishram Vridh Ashram 32.00 – ii. Jan Maadhyam 16.00 16.00 iii. Nav Abhiyan 21.00 21.00 iv. Purkal Youth Development Society 20.00 – v. Donation of Ambulances to Noida Authority 45.71 – vi. The Akshaya Patra Foundation – 37.00 vii. Saint Hardayal Educational and Orphans Welfare Society 28.38 32.00 viii. *PM Cares fund pertains to FY 2019-20 50.00 – ix. Delhi Langar Seva Soceity – 23.61 213.09 129.61 i. Sanitation Drive on Service Lane 8.03 3.07 221.12 132.68 (H in Lakhs) Particulars Object of the Issue as per Prospectus Total Utilization Up to March 31, 2021 Amount Pending Utilization Repayment/pre-payment, in full or in part, of certain borrowings availed by the Company 2,200.00 2,200.00 – Setting up a unit for manufacturing of LED TVs at the Tirupati (A.P) 758.00 758.00 – Finance the enhancement of our backward integration capabilities in the lighting products vertical at Dehradun Facility 796.00 796.00 – Upgradation of the information technology infrastructure of the Company 941.00 941.00 – General corporate purposes (see note ‘b’ below) 1,017.00 1,017.00 – 5,712.00 5,712.00 – IPO Expenses* 288.00 288.00 – Total 6,000.00 6,000.00 229 Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 232] 47 Related parties a. List of related parties i. Key Managerial Personnel and their relatives a. Mr. Sunil Vachani Chairman b. Mr. Atul B. Lall Vice Chairman & Managing Director c. Mr. Saurabh Gupta Chief financial officer d. Mr. Ashish Kumar Company secretary , Legal & HR Head e. Mr. Manuji Zarabi Non Executive Independent Director f. Ms. Poornima Shenoy Non Executive Independent Director g. Mr. Manoj Maheshwari Non Executive Independent Director h. Mr. Keng Tsung Kuo Non Executive Independent Director i Mr. Rakesh Mohan Non Executive Independent Director j Mr. Prithvi Vachani Son of Chairman (H in Lakhs) Particulars KMP and their relatives Total Year Ended 31 March 2021 Year Ended 31 March 2020 Year Ended 31 March 2021 Year Ended 31 March 2020 A. Transactions during the year Loan given to related party – 32.00 – 32.00 Mr. Atul B. Lall – 8.00 – 8.00 Mr. Saurabh Gupta – 24.00 – 24.00 Loan repaid by the related party 28.00 4.00 28.00 4.00 Mr. Atul B. Lall 4.00 4.00 4.00 4.00 Mr. Saurabh Gupta 24.00 – 24.00 – Director sitting fees 13.15 8.65 13.15 8.65 Mr. Manuji Zarabi 4.35 3.90 4.35 3.90 Ms. Poornima Shenoy 3.00 1.45 3.00 1.45 Mr. Manoj Maheshwari 3.20 2.30 3.20 2.30 Mr. Keng Tsung Kuo 1.85 1.00 1.85 1.00 Mr. Rakesh Mohan 0.75 – 0.75 – Remuneration (including commission)* 1,346.69 1,121.79 1,339.19 1,121.79 Mr. Sunil Vachani 493.00 524.00 493.00 524.00 Mr. Atul B. Lall 616.95 474.29 616.95 474.29 Mr. Saurabh Gupta 128.92 98.60 128.92 98.60 Mr. Prithvi Vachani 10.01 9.90 10.01 9.90 Mr. Ashish Kumar 67.81 – 67.81 – Mr. Manuji Zarabi 7.50 5.00 7.50 5.00 Ms. Poornima Shenoy 7.50 5.00 7.50 5.00 Mr. Manoj Maheshwari 7.50 5.00 7.50 5.00 Mr. Keng Tsung Kuo 7.50 – – – b. Transactions outstanding with related parties * The amount does not include the shares issued to key managerial personnel under ESOP scheme with share capital amounting to H 3.30 lakhs and security premium amounting to H 612.08 lakhs. Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 230 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 233] (H in Lakhs) Particulars KMP and their relatives Total Year Ended 31 March 2021 Year Ended 31 March 2020 Year Ended 31 March 2021 Year Ended 31 March 2020 Outstanding balances Amount Receivables* 164.73 57.87 164.73 57.87 Mr. Saurabh Gupta 125.34 47.23 125.34 47.23 Mr. Prithvi Vachani 0.04 0.25 0.04 0.25 Mr. Ashish Kumar 39.35 – 39.35 – Mr. Sunil Vachani – 6.29 – 6.29 Mr. Atul B. Lall – 4.10 – 4.10 Amount payable* 7.16 0.85 7.16 0.85 Mr. Sunil Vachani 0.45 – 0.45 – Mr. Atul B. Lall 0.85 0.82 0.85 0.82 Mr. Manoj Maheshwari 1.48 – 1.48 – Mr. Manuji Zarabi 1.94 – 1.94 – Ms. Poornima Shenoy 1.48 – 1.48 – Mr. Rakesh Mohan 0.69 – 0.69 – Mr. Keng Tsung Kuo 0.27 – 0.27 – Mr. Saurabh Gupta – 0.03 – 0.03 48 Consequent to the disruption caused due to COVID-19, the Group has made an assessment as at March 31, 2021 of recoverability of the carrying values of its assets such as property, plant and equipment, intangible assets having indefinite useful life, inventory, trade receivables, and other current assets giving due consideration to the internal and external factors. Further, on account of continued spread of COVID-19 disease in the country, the Group has made timely and requisite changes in the business model which has resulted in consistent growth across the product segments during the year. The Group is continuously monitoring the situation arising on account of COVID-19 and will make appropriate action required, if any. 49 Composition of Group The information about the composition of group at the end of reporting period is as follows: Name of entity Principal activity Place of incorporation Principal place of business Proportion of ownership interest/ voting rights held by the group Year Ended 31 March 2021 Year Ended 31 March 2020 A. Subsidiary Companies Dixon Global Private Limited Trading Noida, India Noida, India 100% 100% Padget Electronics Private Limited Manufacturing Noida, India Noida, India 100% 100% Dixon Electro Appliances Private Limited Manufacturing Noida, India Noida, India 100% 100% Dixon Electro Manufacturing Private Limited* Manufacturing Noida, India Noida, India 100% – Dixon Technologies Solutions Private Limited* Manufacturing Noida, India Noida, India 100% – B. Joint control Company AIL Dixon Technologies Private Limited Manufacturing Noida, India Andhra Pradesh, India 50% 50% 231 Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 234] (H in Lakhs) AIL Dixon Technologies Private Limited As at 31 March 2021 As at 31 March 2020 Income 23,144.26 21,641.53 Expenses 22,583.31 21,195.65 Operation details of jointly control Company (H in Lakhs) AIL Dixon Technologies Private Limited As at 31 March 2021 As at 31 March 2020 Assets 18,162.22 16,799.19 Liabilities 16,446.98 15,488.33 Contingent liabilities – – Commitments (net of advance) 10.29 0.10 Note: i. The operations are disclosed to the extent of the share of the Company ii. During the year, ‘Dixon Electro Manufacturing Private Limited’ and ‘Dixon Technologies Solutions Private Limited’ have been incorporated, as wholly owned subsidiaries of the Company. iii. During the previous year, the Group has invested H 2,700 Lakhs to acquire remaining 50% shareholding (No. of shares 75,00,000) in its Joint Venture Company, Padget Electronics Private Limited . Consequent to this, Padget Electronic Private Limited has become wholly owned subsidiary of the Group. The Group has reognised Goodwill amounting to H 816.65 lakhs on acquisition of Padget Electronic Private Limited. 50 Additional information as required under schedule III to the Companies Act, 2013 of enterprieses consolidated as subsidiarties/Joint Venue Name of the Group Net Assets i.e Total Assets minus total liabilities Share of profit and loss Share of OCI Total Comprehensive Income Amount As % of consolidated profit or loss Amount As % of consolidated OCI Amount % A. Holding Company Dixon Technologies (India) Limited 70,232.58 91% 15,197.20 95% (5.17) 98% B. Subsidiary Companies Dixon Global Private Limited 1,017.29 1% 61.33 0% – 0% Padget Electronics Private Limited 4,439.64 6% 303.71 2% (1.08) 21% Dixon Electro Appliances Private Limited 0.76 0% (0.12) 0% – 0% Dixon Electro Manufacturing Private Limited* 0.88 0% (0.12) 0% – 0% Dixon Technologies Solutions Private Limited* 0.88 0% (0.12) 0% – 0% C. Joint Venture AIL Dixon Technologies Private Limited 1,715.74 2% 403.88 3% 0.99 –19% 77,407.78 15,965.77 (5.26) Adjustments in consolidation (3,676.63) 13.35 (0.04) 73,731.15 100% 15,979.12 100% (5.30) 100% Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 232 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 235] The management expect that the amount will be collected, accordingly no provision is required in the financial statements. The income under the schemes have been recognised amounting to H 252 lakhs and H 78 lakhs in Dixon and AIL Dixon respectively till 30 June, 2019. Post 30 June, 2019, incentive income have not been recognised based on prudence. 52 “The Padget Elecronics Private Limited (‘Padget’), a joint control Company has been engaged by Rstar Limited (“Rstar”), Goldex (HK) Technology Limited (“Goldex”), and Syntech (HK) Technology Limited (“Syntech”) (Rstar, Goldex and Syntech collectively referred to as “Suppliers” and individually as “Supplier”) to manufacture mobile phones under the brand Gionee pursuant to manufacturing agreement dated 30th March, 2016 entered into by the Padget with Rstar (“Manufacturing Agreement”). Pursuant to the Manufacturing Arrangement, the Padget has been importing Parts & Components directly from the Suppliers for the purpose of manufacturing the Products and the Padget is selling the manufactured Products to the distributors (“Distributors”) appointed by the Suppliers in India. As per the commercial arrangement between the Padget and the Suppliers, the liability and obligation to ensure that the Padget receive payment from the Distributors was on the Suppliers. The Distributors has not made the payment to the Padget as the Suppliers have not been able to provide requisite service support/sales support/market support to the Distributors. The Distributors claimed to have bear the cost of same and insisted that the amount so incurred by the Distributors must be adjusted against the amount payable to the Padget against purchase of Products. Since the Padget has not received payment from the Distributors, it has not been able to make payment to the Suppliers towards import of the materials during the financial year 2016-17, 2017-18 and 2018-19. “ a. Tri-party agreements have been entered among the Padget Electronics Private Limited (the subsidiary Company), supplier and distributors for setting off Import payables to the suppliers against amount receivable from the distributors amounting to H 33331.92 Lakhs. In this regard, the subsidiary company had filed application dated 3rd Jan’19 with The Reserve Bank of India (“RBI”) on 17th Jan’19 for approval and approval was received dated 22nd Oct’2019. Based on the approval, in the financial year 2019-20, the subsidiary Company had set off Trade Receivables amounting to H 30731.91 Lakhs and Trade payable amounting to H 30731.91 Lakhs in the books of account. Balance H 2600.01 Lakhs was adjusted by further transactions entered into after the filing of the application with RBI. 51 Incentives from Andhra Pradesh Government The Government of Andhra Pradesh vide Order No. GO(MS) No. 170 dated December 16, 2016 and GO(MS) No. 37 dated March 03, 2017 has announced certain fiscal incentives to the company for setting up industries in the notified Electronics Manufacturing Clusters (EMCs) of the State. Further, the activities of the Holding Company fall under the scheme of Information Technology, Electronics & Communication (Promotions) department 2014-2020, based on the scheme and order passed the Company is eligible for 100% re-imbursement of the Stamp Duty, Transfer Duty and Registration Fee paid on sale/ lease deeds on the first transaction and 50% thereof on the second transaction, freight subsidy, transport subsidy interest subsidy etc Movement in the Incentive recoverable from Andhra Pradesh Government is given below:” (H in Lakhs) Subsidy Incentive As at 31 March 2021 Stamp duty 100% of Stamp duty paid 78.58 Goods and Service tax (‘SGST’) 100% Net SGST paid for 5 years 181.20 Power 25% of cost Incurred, maximum to H 200 lakhs within 5 years (Excluding MD and other charges) 179.24 Investment 20% of investment maximum of H 1,000 lakhs 1,363.50 Freight 25% of cost incurred, maximum of H 50 lakhs for a financial year for 5 years 193.18 Employee transportation H 500 per employee per month maximum of H 25 lakhs for a financial year for 3 years 113.00 Interest subsidyTerm loan (borrowings) Interest rate 5% on term loan, maximum of H 150 lakhs for 5 years 30.00 2,138.69 233 Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 236] b. Apart from above, the subsidiary Company had filed an application with Reserve Bank of India dated 16th March’2020 for setting off Import payables to the suppliers against amount receivable from the distributors amounting to H 13561.16 Lakhs. Based on the RBI application, the the subsidiary Company has set off the import payable amounting to H 13435.10 Lakhs and trade receivables from distributors H 13354.16 Lakhs & obsolete inventory of Import Vendors H 80.94 Lakhs in the financial year 2019-20. The approval from RBI is still in process. 53 The Board of Directors of the Holding Company have recommended a final dividend of 50 % (H 1.00/- per Equity Share of H 2/- each) for the financial year 2020-2021 subject to the approval of the shareholders in the ensuing Annual General Meeting of the Company. 54 The Code on Social Security, 2020 (‘Code’) relating to employee benefits, during employment and post-employment benefits, has received the Presidential assent in September 2020. This Code has been published in the Gazette of India. However, the effective date from which the changes are applicable is yet to be notified and the rules for quantifying the financial impact are also yet to be issued. The Company will evaluate the impact of the Code and will give appropriate impact in the financial statements in the period in which the Code becomes effective and the related rules are published. 55 There are no subsequent event observed after the reporting period which have material impact on the Company’s operation. 56 Figures for the previous year have been regrouped / rearranged wherever necessary. In terms of our report attached For and on behalf of the Board of Directors For S. N. Dhawan & CO LLP Chartered Accountants Sunil Vachani Atul B. Lall Firm’s Registration No. 000050N/N500045 Chairman Vice Chairman & Managing Director Vinesh Jain Saurabh Gupta Ashish Kumar Partner Chief Financial officer Company Secretary Membership No. 087701 Place: Delhi Place: Noida Date: 27 May, 2021 Date: 27 May, 2021 Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 234 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March, 2021

[Page 237] Statement containing salient features Pursuant to first proviso to sub-section (3) of section 129 read with rule 5 of Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 relating to Subsidiary & Joint ventures (H in Lakhs unless otherwise stated) S. No Name of Subsidiary Date since which subsidiary was acquired Reporting Currency Share Capital Other Equity Total Assets Total Liabilities Investments Turnover Profit Before Taxation Provision For Taxation Profit After Taxation OCI*** Total CI Proposed Dividend % of Shareholding 1 Dixon Global Private Limited 27-Oct-10 INR 100.00 917.29 9,720.22 8,702.93 - 18,067.85 87.16 25.83 61.33 - 61.33 - 100% 2 Padget Electronics Private Limited 12-Apr-19 INR 1,500.00 2,939.64 38,552.17 34,112.53 - 75,358.72 423.53 119.82 303.71 (1.08) 302.63 Nil 100% 3 Dixon Electro Appliances Private Limited 15-Jan-20 INR 1.00 (0.24) 1.00 0.24 - - (0.12) - (0.12) - (0.12) - 100% 4 Dixon Electro Manufacturing Private Limited* 16-Mar-21 INR 1.00 (0.12) 1.00 0.12 - - (0.12) - (0.12) - (0.12) - 100% 5 Dixon Technologies Solutions Private Limited* 16-Mar-21 INR 1.00 (0.12) 1.00 0.12 - - (0.12) - (0.12) - (0.12) - 100% (H in Lakhs unless otherwise stated) S. No Name of Joint Ventures Date since which Joint Venture was acquired Latest audited Balance Sheet Date Description of how there is significant influence Reason why the joint venture is not consolidated Net worth attributable to Shareholding as per latest audited Balance Sheet Profit or loss for the year Numbers Amount of Investment in Joint Venture Extent of Holding% attributable Considered in Consolidation Not Considered in Consolidation 1 AIL Dixon Technologies Private Limited 08-Feb-17 31-Mar-21 95,00,000 950.00 50.00% Note A - 1,715.75 404.88 - *During the year, Dixon Electro Manufacturing Private Limited and Dixon Technologies Solutions Private Limited has been incorporated, as wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. **Other Comprehensive Income b) Jointly Controlled Entities: Note A: There is significant influence due to percentage holding of share capital. The Notes are an integral part of the Financial Statements In terms of our report attached For and on behalf of the Board of Directors For S. N. Dhawan & CO LLP Dixon Technologies (India) Limited Chartered Accountants Sunil Vachani Atul B. Lall Firm’s Registration No. 000050N/N500045 Chairman Vice Chairman & Managing Director Vinesh Jain Saurabh Gupta Ashish Kumar Partner Chief Financial officer Company Secretary Membership No. 087701 Place: Delhi Date: 27 May, 2021 235 Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

[Page 238] FORM NO. MR-3 SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED MARCH 31ST, 2021 [Pursuant to Section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule 9 of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014] To, The Members, Dixon Global Private Limited We have conducted the secretarial audit of the compliance of applicable statutory provisions and the adherence to good corporate practices by DIXON GLOBAL PRIVATE LIMITED [Deemed public Company by virtue of proviso to Section 2(71) of the Companies Act, 2013] (hereinafter called the “ Company”). Secretarial Audit was conducted in a manner that provided us a reasonable basis for evaluating the corporate conducts/statutory compliances and expressing our opinion thereon. Based on our verification of the Company’s books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and other records maintained by the Company and also the information provided by the Company, its officers, agents and authorized representatives during the conduct of secretarial audit, we hereby report that in our opinion, the Company has, during the audit period covering the Financial Year ended March 31st, 2021 , generally complied with the statutory provisions listed hereunder and also that the Company has proper board processes and compliance mechanism in place to the extent, in the manner and subject to the reporting made hereinafter: We have examined the books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and other records maintained by the Company for the period ended March 31st, 2021 to ascertain the compliances of various provisions of: a) The Companies Act, 2013 (the “ Act”) and the Rules made thereunder; b) The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 (the “SCRA”) and the Rules made thereunder; c) The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and Bye-laws framed thereunder; d) *Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the Rules and Regulations made thereunder to the extent of Foreign Direct Investment, Overseas Direct Investment and External Commercial Borrowings; e) The following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed under the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 (the “SEBI Act”) to the extent applicable as a wholly owned subsidiary of Dixon Technologies (India) Limited, a Public Company listed on National Stock Exchange of India Limited and BSE Limited: i) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011; ii) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015 iii) *The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018; iv) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits) Regulations 2014; v) *The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and Listing of Debt Securities) Regulations, 2008; vi) *The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2009; vii) *The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buyback of Securities) Regulations, 2018; viii) *The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Registrar to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents) Regulations, 1993 regarding the Companies Act and dealing with client; *Not applicable as there was no reportable event during the audit period. f) As confirmed by the management there are no laws which are specifically applicable to the Company. We have also examined compliance with the applicable clauses of the following: I. Mandatory Secretarial Standards with regard to Meeting of Board of Directors (SS-1) and General Meetings (SS-2) issued by The Institute of Company Secretaries of India.\ II. SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 to the extent applicable as a wholly owned subsidiary of Dixon Technologies (India) Limited, a Public Company listed on National Stock Exchange of India Limited and BSE Limited. Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 236

[Page 239] During the audit period, the Company has generally complied with the provisions of the Act, Rules, Regulations and Guidelines to the extent applicable, as mentioned above. We further report that: a) The Board of Directors of the Company is duly constituted with proper balance of Directors. There were no changes in the composition of the Board of Directors during the period under review. b) Adequate notice is given to all directors to schedule the Board and other Committee meetings. Agenda and detailed notes on agenda were sent at least seven days in advance except for meetings of the Board which were convened at shorter notice in compliance with Section 173 of the Act wherein Independent Director(s) were present and detailed notes on agenda were provided at such meetings and a system exists for seeking and obtaining further information and clarifications on the agenda items before the meeting and for meaningful participation at the meeting. c) Majority decision is carried through in each such meetings of the Board and committees of the Board. Further during the course of audit, we have not come across the views of dissenting members’ recorded as part of the minutes. d) We further report that based on the information received and records maintained that there are adequate systems and processes in the Company commensurate with the size and operations of the Company to monitor and ensure compliance with the applicable laws, rules, regulations, regulations and guidelines. We further report that during the audit period there were no specific events/actions having a major bearing on the company’s affairs in pursuance of above referred laws, rules, regulations, guidelines, standards etc. For Shirin Bhatt & Associates Company Secretaries Firm Registration No. S2011DE162600 Shirin Bhatt Place: Ghaziabad Proprietor Date: 26-05-2021 C.P . No. 9150 UDIN: F008273C000378051 M. No. F8273 PR. No. 1209 This Report is to be read with our letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure A and Forms an integral part of this report. 237 Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

[Page 240] Annexure-A To, The Members Dixon Global Private Limited Our report of even date is to be read along with this letter. 1. Maintenance of secretarial records is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit. 2. We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness of the contents of the secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices, we followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 3. We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of the financial statements of the Company. 4. Wherever required, we have obtained the management representation about the compliances of laws, rules and regulations and happening of events etc. 5. The compliance of the provisions of the corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility of the management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis. 6. The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company. For Shirin Bhatt & Associates Company Secretaries Firm Registration No. S2011DE162600 Shirin Bhatt Proprietor C.P . No. 9150 Place: Ghaziabad M. No. F8273 Date: 26-05-2021 PR. No. 1209 Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 238

[Page 241] FORM NO. MR-3 SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED MARCH 31ST, 2021 [Pursuant to Section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule 9 of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014] To, The Members, PADGET ELECTRONICS PRIVATE LIMITED We have conducted the secretarial audit of the compliance of applicable statutory provisions and the adherence to good corporate practices by PADGET ELECTRONICS PRIVATE LIMITED [Deemed public Company by virtue of proviso to Section 2(71) of the Companies Act, 2013 (hereinafter called the “ Company”). Secretarial Audit was conducted in a manner that provided us a reasonable basis for evaluating the corporate conducts/statutory compliances and expressing our opinion thereon. Based on our verification of the Company’s books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and other records maintained by the Company and also the information provided by the Company, its officers, agents and authorized representatives during the conduct of secretarial audit, we hereby report that in our opinion, the Company has, during the audit period covering the Financial Year ended March 31st, 2021 , generally complied with the statutory provisions listed hereunder and also that the Company has proper board processes and compliance mechanism in place to the extent, in the manner and subject to the reporting made hereinafter: We have examined the books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and other records maintained by the Company for the period ended March 31st, 2021 to ascertain the compliances of various provisions of: a) The Companies Act, 2013 (the “ Act”) and the Rules made thereunder; b) The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 (the “SCRA”) and the Rules made thereunder; c) The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and Bye-laws framed thereunder; d) *Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the Rules and Regulations made thereunder to the extent of Foreign Direct Investment, Overseas Direct Investment and External Commercial Borrowings; e) The following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed under the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 (the “SEBI Act”) to the extent applicable as a wholly owned subsidiary of Dixon Technologies (India) Limited, a Public Company listed on National Stock Exchange of India Limited and BSE Limited: i) *The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011; ii) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015 iii) *The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018; iv) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits) Regulations 2014; v) *The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and Listing of Debt Securities) Regulations, 2008; vi) *The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2009; vii) *The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buyback of Securities) Regulations, 2018; viii) *The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Registrar to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents) Regulations, 1993 regarding the Companies Act and dealing with client *Not applicable as there was no reportable event during the audit period f) As confirmed by the management there are no laws which are specifically applicable to the Company. We have also examined compliance with the applicable clauses of the following: I. Mandatory Secretarial Standards with regard to Meeting of Board of Directors (SS-1) and General Meetings (SS-2) issued by The Institute of Company Secretaries of India. II. SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 to the extent applicable as a wholly owned subsidiary of Dixon Technologies (India) Limited, a Public Company listed on National Stock Exchange of India Limited and BSE Limited. 239 Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

[Page 242] During the audit period, the Company has generally complied with the provisions of the Act, Rules, Regulations and Guidelines to the extent applicable, as mentioned above. We further report that: a) The Board of Directors of the Company is duly constituted with proper balance of Directors. There were no changes in the composition of the Board of Directors during the period under review. b) Adequate notice is given to all directors to schedule the Board and other Committee meetings. Agenda and detailed notes on agenda were sent at least seven days in advance except for meetings of the Board which were convened at shorter notice in compliance with Section 173 of the Act wherein Independent Director(s) were present and detailed notes on agenda were provided at such meetings and a system exists for seeking and obtaining further information and clarifications on the agenda items before the meeting and for meaningful participation at the meeting. c) Majority decision is carried through in each such meetings of the Board and committees of the Board. Further during the course of audit, we have not come across the views of dissenting members recorded as part of the minutes. d) We further report that based on the information received and records maintained that there are adequate systems and processes in the Company commensurate with the size and operations of the Company to monitor and ensure compliance with the applicable laws, rules, regulations, regulations and guidelines. We further report that during the audit period there were following specific events/actions having a major bearing on the company’s affairs in pursuance of above referred laws, rules, regulations, guidelines, standards etc: - The Company confirmed appointment of Ms. Poornima Shenoy as Independent Director in Extra Ordinary General Meeting dated August 4th, 2020. - The Company amended its Memorandum of Association by addition of Clauses to the Clause III (B) at Extra Ordinary General Meeting dated August 4th, 2020. - The Company approved authorization for grant of Loan to its holding Company Dixon Technologies (India) Limited upto H 200 Crores in the Extra-Ordinary General Meeting dated June 05th, 2020. - The Company authorized borrowing and creation of hypothecation under Section 180(1)(a) and Section 180(1) (c) (including money already borrowed) upto H 200 Crore (Rupees Two Hundred Crore only) or aggregate of its paid- up share capital, free reserves and securities premium, whichever is higher in the Extra-Ordinary General Meeting dated June 05th, 2020. - The Company approved Inter-corporate loans, Investments, Guarantee or security and acquisition under Section 186 upto H 200 Crores each respectively in the Extra-Ordinary General Meeting dated June 05th, 2020. - The Company approved re-designation of Mr. Sunil Vachani as Whole-Time Director for a period of five years with effect from 4th October, 2019 in the Extra-Ordinary General Meeting dated June 05th, 2020. For Shirin Bhatt & Associates Company Secretaries Firm Registration No. S2011DE162600 Shirin Bhatt Place: Ghaziabad Proprietor Date: May 26th, 2021 C.P . No. 9150 UDIN: F008273C000378181 M. No. F8273 PR. No. 1209 This Report is to be read with our letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure A and Forms an integral part of this report. Dixon Technologies (India) Limited ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 240

[Page 243] Annexure-A For Shirin Bhatt & Associates Company Secretaries Firm Registration No. S2011DE162600 Shirin Bhatt Proprietor C.P . No. 9150 Place: Ghaziabad M. No. F8273 Date: May 26th, 2021 PR. No. 1209 To, The Members PADGET ELECTRONICS PRIVATE LIMITED Our report of even date is to be read along with this letter. 1. Maintenance of secretarial records is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit. 2. We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness of the contents of the secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices, we followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 3. We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of the financial statements of the Company. 4. Wherever required, we have obtained the management representation about the compliances of laws, rules and regulations and happening of events etc. 5. The compliance of the provisions of the corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility of the management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis. 6. The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company 241 Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

[Page 244] NOTES

[Page 245] NOTES

[Page 246] NOTES

[Page 248] Registered Office: B-14 & 15, Phase II, Noida-201305 Ph.: (0120) 4737200 Website: www.dixoninfo.com E-mail -ID: investorrelations@dixoninfo.com